===================================
Podcast: all-in
Title: Debt Spiral or NEW Golden Age? Super Bowl Insider Trading, Booming Token Budgets, Ferrari's New EV
Date: 2026-02-13
Video: https://youtube.com/watch?v=CnaegIpkenA
===================================

 
All right, everybody. Welcome back to
the number one podcast in the world, the
all-in podcast. With me again, the core
4, the original quartet, David Sachs,
David Friedberg, Chimath Polyhapatia.
I'm Jason Calakanis, and we have a very
full docket today. All right, topic one,
gentlemen. AI acceleration. It was a big
week for AI. New study published on
Monday, February 9th, in the HBR,
Harvard Business Review, suggesting that
AI tools intensify work but do not
reduce it. Two UC Berkeley researchers
spent eight months embedded at a 200
person tech company. So, this is one
company's experience. What they found,
employees who use AI worked at a faster
pace, took a broader scope of tasks, and
extended work into more hours of the
day. workers reported feeling more
productive, but they also felt a little
more stress and burnout. Saxs, your your
hot take here, your quick take on this
study. Obviously, it's just uh one
company, but it does track, I think,
some of my experiences.
&gt;&gt; All right. Well, a few points here.
Number one, as you may recall on the
prediction show for this year, my most
contrarian belief is that AI would
increase demand for knowledge workers,
not put them out of business. And I
think you see in this UC Berkeley study,
the reason why that might be the case is
because the employees who use these
tools, like you said, they worked
faster. They took on a broader scope of
task. They actually ended up working
more hours in the day. So they did more
work, not less, and even more effort
rather than less. Not because they were
required to, but just because they were
more motivated. And I think they were
more motivated because their work was
getting upleveled, right? They're kind
of able to offload
uh more menial tasks to AI and it made
their work more purposeful and
meaningful. So I think we're kind of
moving from what some people I think
maybe Jensen has called um taskbased
jobs to purpose-based jobs. And I think
a key skill of employees is going to be
the ability to structure work for
themselves and their AI agents. And the
employees who can do that are going to
be far more productive than those who
can't. That kind of brings me to point
number two, which is that I think
there's a tremendous opportunity this
year for employees who are early
adopters of these tools, who are, you
know, so-called AI natives, to
demonstrate their value to their
employers. They're going to be able to
get a lot more done. They're going to
appear to have superpowers. They're
going to be the people in meetings who
can take an assignment that would have
taken days before and get it done in 2
hours. whether it's a presentation or a
spreadsheet, people are going to be
shocked at how quickly they can get
these things done because they're going
to be fasile at working with AI. So, I
think there's a big opportunity there.
And there was an article that went viral
this week by Matt Schumer called
something big is happening where he
talked about this career opportunity
that's going to be available to kind of
AI early adopters. And I think that
brings me to my third point, which is I
think that you're going to see massive
enterprise adoption of AI, not just chat
bots, but agents this year. But I think
it's going to be driven by the bottom
up. It's going to be driven by these
early adopter employees coming in to
their workplaces, bringing in these kind
of consumerized AI tools, start using
them at work as opposed to top- down
initiatives. I think there's a lot of
top- down company transformation
initiatives that are happening in large
enterprises where the CEO has tasked a
team with figuring out how to use AI,
how to transform their business with AI.
Those initiatives are going to take
months. They're going to be studying
what tools they should use. They're
going to be doing RFPs. And I think it's
ultimately going to be very slow. And
while those things are trudging along, I
think there's going to be these early
adopter employees who just make the
transformation of Feta Comple by again
bringing these tools into the workplace
from the bottom up. So, I think in the
same way that you saw consumerized SAS
tools spread from the bottom up in
enterprises, I think you're going to see
consumerized AI tools spread from the
bottom up in enterprises. And I think
it'll ultimately be one of the big
themes this year.
&gt;&gt; Couldn't concur or agree more. Nick,
throw up that tweet I did. I I did a
tweet and it got 2 million views.
Basically, I said, listen, if you got
laid off by Amazon or Microsoft over the
last two years, just learn OpenClaw and
automate your previous job. Show you
know how to use these tools. go back to
your boss and say, "Hey, I want to come
back and automate everything or go to
startups." Every startup I know is
hiring for this position, which is
somebody who knows how to build and
manage agents. There is no job wreck for
this yet or a title. We should come up
with what this person does, but it it
used to be called prompt engineer. It's
no longer just prompt engineering. It's
managing and educating and offloading
work to an agent and then making sure
they're actually doing it. And right now
it feels like the people in my
organization have four of them who are
focused on this out of 20. I would say
that their leverage is between 10 and
20x the other 16. So now I'm going down
the slope of employees from you know
most technical you know to least and
trying to get each one of them to adopt
and create an agent for them. We'll pro
it will probably take six months but
when we do I think our leverage versus a
competing firm is going to be 10x. As an
example, in the podcasting space, Sax,
we now have it going through podcasts
looking for the best moments or you can
just give it a moment and it will clip
the clip for you and put it in the
Google Drive. So imagine we were all in,
I don't know, our little group chat and
you said, "Oh, from the last episode,
can you get me a clip of minute 3 to
minute 6?" And then it's just on your
iPhone. It's just in the group chat.
Boom. Nobody has to go find it. It just
clips it. That's the kind of work it's
doing. And then we have it looking at
our YouTube stats. We have it looking at
our Instagram or Tik Tok stats and then
trying to tell us which clips are going
the most viral, which ones have the most
comments and then giving us strategies
to how to make them go more viral. It's
really weird because it's coming up with
really great suggestions and taking
eliminating all the reporting work that
knowledge workers do. Chimat, you have a
take on this? I know you've deployed the
software factory which is I think um you
know aligned with obviously this
revolution happening in real time. Last
couple of weeks have been pretty big
with claude opus 4.6 coming out uh chat
GPT codeex coming out lot of advances
and obviously the open claw revolution
that I've now done seven podcasts on in
a row. What are your thoughts Jamal?
&gt;&gt; I think there are two open questions
that I find really interesting right
now. The first question
is, I tweeted it this morning, but is on
prem the new cloud,
which is weird to think that that could
even be possible, but we've spent since
migrating everything to cloud because
there were these economies of scale. And
it created better margin and lower opex
and lower capex because you could
essentially share infrastructure with
other companies. And that's how AWS and
GCP have built such gargantuan
businesses.
The counterpoint to that though is that
in the AI revolution, companies I
suspect will be fighting for their
lives. And I think it's very much
unclear whether it makes sense for a
company to allow the natural leakage of
their edge and their confidential and
proprietary information out into the
wild versus the control that they would
get if they ran on prim. That's a really
important question. What do I mean by
all that? Once you use these tools, it
is very difficult for a company to be
able to control how their data is used
subsequently thereafter. Meaning if I
gave you Jason a PDF of some really
important strategy document or a
PowerPoint deck or a really critical
model and you're interrogating it with
one of these models.
If you're just using chat GPT the
mainline instance of it you're leaking
all of that prompt and response metadata
back to Chat GPT back to Gemini back to
Claude. And there's nothing a company
can do about that. If you're using a set
of agents to act on all that
information, all those agent traces are
going back to these model builders. That
may or may not be a problem for some,
but I suspect it is a deep problem for
others and they just haven't uncovered
it yet. When they realize that that is a
problem, the enterprise will have to
decide, do I just give up and keep
running all of this stuff in the cloud
in a shared experience or do I bear the
incremental cost of running this stuff
in a more coordinated manner that I
control on prem and that would be a
crazy shift just to completely go back
to where we were 20 and 30 years ago.
That's a non so obvious thing that may
happen. So that's number one. And then
number two, I also tweeted this. There
was this really interesting ruling
around what happens inside these cloud
environments, which was a judge saying
there is no attorney client privilege
and confirming that once you start to
use those tools, all of that stuff is
complete public domain material. If you
put these two things together, it
creates a very interesting set of
questions for enterprises. You will need
AI to survive. But if you use the tools
as they exist today at a public
endpoint, you will give up all control,
all security, all confidentiality that
you today have and the ability to follow
through and control what your employees
do with it. The only solution is to have
the pendulum swing all the way back and
have private provision networks, which
increases cost, but then if you save a
bunch of money because of AI, maybe it
all balances out. That is the big
question that I'm wrestling with right
now.
&gt;&gt; Good insights there. And I have some
thoughts on the um onrem because I'm
actually doing it right now. Freeberg,
your thoughts on this moment in time
when we have people uh saying it's
happening faster and it's become
recursive. Recursive obviously fancy
word for those in the audience who
haven't heard it before. Just these
models and these agents can go out and
improve their own work. So after they do
some work or a job for you, you can have
another agent say, "Hey, here's how to
do it better or go learn these new
skills. Go use this skill last 30 days
to go find the last seven days or 30
days of best practices with this tool
and make yourself better and do that
every night at 1:00 a.m. What are your
thoughts, Freedberg, on the moment in
time we are in right now?" Well, I think
the thinking historically was that it
was going to be about recursive model
development where we were going to
continuously improve the actual model
and we were waiting for a context window
where you could feed the model back to
itself. So, you're effectively
retraining the model continuously and it
may be the case that the output is
what's recursive and that turns out is
having the effect that everyone was
waiting for. So, it's kind of a
surprise. I saw a lot of computer
scientists that have worked in AI for
some time, I think, be a little bit
surprised about this moment that we're
in that we're seeing such incredible
strides in model performance just by
making the output recursive. So, let's
see how far it goes. Are you still
obsessed with OpenClaw, Jac? I am. We
have now seen that every week 5 to 10%
of the work we're doing inside of our
venture firm is being moved over to
OpenClaw. We call them replicants. You
can think of them as personas. So we now
have three or four of these. Uh we give
them a notion account, a Slack account,
and we give them a Google Docs account.
They have their own email. And I think
all of this technology was here all
along. It was really or maybe for the
last 6 months, let's say, really good
models out there. But no company would
give the keys to the kingdom to allow
these agents to actually act on your
behalf. Why? because they don't want to
be responsible if it ships your Bitcoin
keys or your passwords to somebody else.
So, in order to use these, you have to
trust them. And if you trust them and
then you are monitoring them, the
results are unbelievable. We uh have
also to your point Chamath fired up Max
Studios. We have Kimmy on them. We are
moving all of the work onto these and
then they'll use Kimmy for most of their
easy jobs, which is free. Then they will
use claude 4.6 opus to orchestrate
things. We also now that we have four of
them freedberg we've created openclaw
ultron which is one meta replicant that
is managing the other four and it checks
their work. It talks to them all day
long about what they're doing and then
summarizes it. And we're building skills
into each one of these. So one of the
skills is like doing deep research. One
of the skills is being able to go into
our sales database which is in pipe
drive. The gains we're getting I was
able to go through everything my Athena
assistant was doing and I was able to
take about and I know Chimath you have
an Athena assistant too. I was able to
take maybe 30% of the Athena assistants
work and give it to the replicant that
let the Athena assistant work on higher
level stuff. I would say on the average
investment team individual, we now have
probably 20% of their work being done by
agents in real time. And the best part
about it is they don't forget to do
work. They don't make mistakes. So once
you put this in, you don't need to have
checklists. They just do it perfectly
every single time.
&gt;&gt; Crazy.
&gt;&gt; And they work.
&gt;&gt; It's nuts, Jamal. So now I'm building
and I've been talking to Benny awful a
lot cuz he's got Slackbot. Claude's got
co-work, but none of them have the keys
to the kingdom. So, what I'm doing is
I'm upgrading to the enterprise version
of Slack. Shamat, you're I think
probably your number two investment in
your career. What an amazing investment
that was. Um, it's number four.
&gt;&gt; Number four. Okay. Listen, keep
grinding. Top five investment for you.
I'm upgrading to the highest level and
I'm ingesting every single Slack message
and then I'm upgrading and giving the
API key for every single email in our
organization to Ultron. They will know
everything going on in the organization.
It is mind-blowing how fast this is
going. And then finally, just a plug,
I'm investing in 10 startups in OpenClaw
space, 125K each to come to the
accelerator. If you're doing work on
this openclaw.co,
email me what you're doing cuz we want
to invest in in at least a 10 or 20 of
these companies right now. Uh this is
the 100% focus of our firm. It is
insane. When do you guys think
enterprises have a huge freakout
around all of this and say, "Wow, we're
leaking all of our most important
information out into the wild." But
Sachs, to your point, the industrious
person trying to get ahead all of a
sudden is using an open endpoint to like
make a deck better. and somehow all of
that stuff is out in the wild. They find
out people are going to have a freakout
moment here soon.
&gt;&gt; I think there's a big opportunity to
take something like OpenClaw and make it
enterprisegrade and secure and all that
kind of stuff. One of my partners at
Craft actually created a new tool called
Lobster Tank, which is a version of Open
Claw that's got some enterprise security
wrapped around it.
&gt;&gt; This is what I mean. On prem is back.
It's going to happen. It's going to
happen. It's cost savings plus do I want
to give all of the secrets in our
organization, every piece of
intellectual property to Sam Alman who's
got to make a billion dollars a year to
keep up with his spend, right? He's
going to build every application.
&gt;&gt; Let's not make it about Sam. Do I, if
I'm GEIGO,
&gt;&gt; want to have
all of my actuaries
using all of our proprietary, private,
and confidential data on risk pricing in
an open instance of an LLM? The answer
is no. That's obvious.
&gt;&gt; Yeah.
&gt;&gt; So now the question is how do you adapt
to that? How do you actually generate
tokens in that kind of a situation? How
do you reason in that kind of a
situation? That is a very expensive
technical problem. It's not necessarily
complicated, but it is technical. That
will bloat the opex because you're going
back to a place that you had said didn't
make sense anymore. It felt very
antiquated if you ever heard a company
was on prem. But AI may be the reason
where you can't afford to be not on
prem.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And it's it's going to be on your
desktop, too, because one of the
solutions to this is just giving each
employee a really powerful
desktop that is capable of running a
local large language model, which right
now takes a Mac studio with 512 gig or
or daisy chaining two of them. And
that's what people are doing.
&gt;&gt; Remember these vax terminals? I think
that you could actually see a resurgence
of that idea. So you have a centralized
computer and you have a bunch of dumb
terminals
&gt;&gt; y
&gt;&gt; and you have a CLI and so you can
interact with it that way
&gt;&gt; but again it keeps everything inside the
&gt;&gt; but you could also you could also fire
up your own instance in the cloud and
just run it
&gt;&gt; too expensive at scale like for example
8090 is a top 20 customer bedrock
&gt;&gt; it's too expensive already as it is
because of all this overhead
&gt;&gt; because of their margin
&gt;&gt; because of all the nonsense that's
inside of AWS that you have to pay for
in order to just get access the bare
metal. So then you go to Cororeweave.
Okay, fine. But what does Cororeweave
tell you? They're an excellent business.
A, it's all training. B, you have the
situation where too much of what you
have has to be guaranteed into the
future because for them, it makes no
sense to price it on spot. And if you
buy on spot, you just get these surges.
You can't deal with it. So there is no
solution today that makes any sense.
&gt;&gt; It's absolutely correct, Jam. I'll just
put some numbers behind it briefly. We
with our agents hit $300 a day per
agent.
using the uh Claude API like instantly
and that was like doing maybe 10 or 20%.
That's a h 100,000 a year per agent.
We're getting to a place where we have
to basically now say what is the token
budget that we're willing to give our
best devs and then if you aggregate it
across all people you can clearly see a
trend where you're like well hold on a
second now they need to be at least 2x
as productive as another employee that
is actively happening inside my business
because otherwise I'll run out of money.
Yeah, this is a very interesting trend
that I you you're not going to hear
anybody else talk about, but when do
tokens outpace the salary of the
employee? Because you're about to hit
it. I'm about to hit it. I think
superstar developers are already there.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I think the rank and file is
probably 10 20% max. More than likely,
they're spending a few thousand. The
average
non-technical employee is probably in
the hundreds to low thousands. But to
your point, the trend is what matters.
Yeah. So unless we have some gigantic
leap forward in generating output tokens
at onetenth the cost of what they are
today, which I suspect we will have. So
bear with everybody for a while because
I think Nvidia and Grock and Google and
AMD, they're all incentivized to
massively ramp up the energy density and
massively push down the token cost.
That's going to happen, but it doesn't
change the trend and it doesn't change
the incentives on confidentiality. Let's
talk about prediction markets,
gentlemen. They hit critical mass this
past weekend at the Super Bowl. More
than a billion bet on Kshi, 700 million
on poly market, almost two billion
dollars in wagering. The media has been
obsessing a bit about market
manipulation, insider trading, and all
these issues that are totally valid to
discuss around prediction markets, which
are something new in the world, at least
at this scale. two specific examples uh
from the halftime show. A day old
anonymous Poly Market account correctly
predicted 17 out of 20 halftime show
bets, including the special appearances
by Lady Gaga, Ricky Martin, but it only
profited 17K, a tiny amount. And then
another account created less than 24
hours before the game correctly bet on
Bad Bunny set list. Wall Street Journal
this morning with an article titled,
"Israeli soldiers accused of using Poly
Market to bet on strikes. Israel
arrested several people, including Army
Reserve, for allegedly using classified
information to place bets on Israeli
military operations." Quote, "The
account in question rad in more than
150,000 in winnings before going dormant
for 6 months. It resumed trading last
month, betting on when Israel would
strike Iran." Poly market data shows the
name of the account Rico Suave 666.
Roave
&gt;&gt; Rico Suave. The name of the account Rico
Suave 666. I think that's also the alias
that you were using in Vegas for a
little while there uh at your hotel.
Rico Suave 666. The platforms are
regulated of course by the CFTC.
But you know, questions here uh about
society getting used to this new
platform. Here's Kali's CEO uh talking
about this on CNBC.
&gt;&gt; Let's say there's a a cameraman happens
to be in the stadium during the
rehearsals. You could argue that would
be like somebody at a at a hotel who
sees a rehearsal of a CEO given a
presentation prior. Those guys would
have normally probably had to sign NDAs
by the company because they would be
worried about these issues. But in the
context of this, they probably wouldn't.
&gt;&gt; It's either one of two cases. Either
this information can be public and
that's okay. Or it's information that
cannot be public beforehand and that's
communicated to the staff, right? The
cameraman or the dancer. The reason why
you don't know what song is going to be
played first that's not public and not
everybody knows beforehand. It's a
little bit of a surprise Super Bowl.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. But but it's not nonmaterial. It's
not im it's not material information
that can't be shared. you're making it
that by putting it on this betting
platform, but they have no obligation to
say we're not going to tell anybody our
opening lineup because there might be
money made on this other place that's
now betting on this. That's not the
responsibility is not on them.
&gt;&gt; Your thoughts just broadly on what I
consider society getting used to these
new platforms and what they represent in
the marketplace of ideas.
&gt;&gt; I think the question is, is it really
insider trading? If you and I were
making a side bet and I knew something
about you and I had some edge or some
advantage and I made a bet with you, is
that fair? Should the government have a
role in regulating that? This kind of
goes back to securities regulation that
everything needs to be registered and
then there's this concept of insider
information. It's a real challenge and a
real question on keeping the open
platform
of opportunity for trading on anything
while also trying to mitigate the risk
of what people call insider information
in these trades. There's a good chart
that I think we talked about in our
group chat that shows the distribution
of accounts. There's a few accounts that
have a huge amount of money and make
almost all the profits and then a lot of
accounts that have very little amount of
money and they get burnt through very
quickly. They actually don't have an
edge. So the the accounts that have a
lot of money, they generally only trade
in things where they have an edge where
they make markets. They actually have an
arbitrage or yeah sharps and they eat up
all of the the capital. So if you're a
marketplace like this, you probably also
want to be thoughtful about the fact
that over time you could burn and churn
through all of your customers, all of
the users on the platform if they're
constantly going to be making uh trades
where they simply don't have an edge and
all the capital, all the liquidity is
coming from the accounts that do have an
edge and effectively trade off of inside
information. So just be that these
things end up eating themselves up. I
don't
&gt;&gt; Shabbath man, we had in trade. I'm sure
you remember that in I don't know if
that was in the early 2000s. This idea
has been out there but it has clicked
right now for some reason. What are your
thoughts broadly speaking on the value
of these platforms to society?
&gt;&gt; Let's define some terms first. So in
betting
&gt;&gt; there are two kinds of people. There are
the sharps who know what's actually
going to happen with a better edge and
then there are the squares which is
everybody else and they are grist for
the mill. And in a traditional market
like a sports betting market
there have been edge cases where you try
to throw a game or throw a fight or
shave points and the sharps are involved
in that. But it's increasingly harder
and harder to do because the sports
leagues
analytically are studying these things
so closely to make sure that that never
happens. But what you get are people
with a smarter sense of what's going to
happen and people with less of a smart
sense of what's going to happen. The
thing with prediction markets is it's
not just that. There will be those
things. But then there are going to be
these fundamental markets that are
purely about inside information.
And the question is what can a
regulatory body or a society do about
that? And I think the answer is not
much. And the reason is is that if you
try to regulate this, it looks like a
securities market. And I think the
problem there is that these things are
too fluid and too dynamic and too
ephemeral for them to be legislated like
a security. And so why are these things
happening? It's because there's too many
of these prediction markets that can be
manipulated this way. Somebody knows
something that somebody else doesn't
know. And there's no way to arbitrate
that. This used to exist in the
securities market, too. And this is
where now I'm going to get a lot of
people really upset with me.
In 2000, we introduced the law called
REGGG FD. And what was the point of REGG
FD? It was basically that if you're a
CFO, you cannot talk to an individual
stock manager and tell him something
that you then don't tell everybody else.
Essentially, inside information
that used to be not illegal. I won't say
that it was legal. I would just say that
used to be not illegal. You call your
buddy, he says, "Hey, how you doing?" He
goes, "Man, Quarter was a blockbuster.
You would go and buy the stock." And
starting in the 2000s, it became
illegal. And there used to be these
networks of information arbitrage that
that took advantage of this. Now, this
is an example of Warren Buffett's
returns pre and postreg. Now, what do
you see?
His returns were double the market
returns
when this kind of information sharing
was legal.
And the minute that it became illegal
and you had to basically act on the same
edge as everybody else,
his returns went to the market return.
He generated zero alpha. In fact, he
probably on the margins lost a little
bit. So this is the single best investor
in the world. This is what happens when
you have information symmetry.
So it's just meant to explain that
markets thrive when there's asymmetry.
billions and billions of dollars will be
made in asymmetry. The prediction
markets today unless they are regulated
out of existence or shut down will look
like the stock market free and there's
nothing we can do except choose not to
bet it because otherwise what you're
going to have are a ton of sharps taking
advantage of a ton of squares and I
think that's the end state.
&gt;&gt; Jim, why is it good or bad for society
that these exist? You have a take on
that? There are a certain percentage of
these prediction markets that are about
the well functioning of society and
the use of inside information gets to
the truth faster
and I think that has value especially if
it uncovers corruption or misdeeds
and so if people make money along the
way and that's the incentive that it
takes for folks to work around what
would otherwise be whistleblower laws or
something else to get to the truth and
get it out there faster. That probably
benefits society.
Now, there's a bunch of other things
where some people will just set up a
market that they know about and that
they can control that other people
aren't unaware. That's not good. But
unfortunately, there's no way to discern
when a prediction market gets created
whether it's A or B. And so, you have to
decide whether it's more important that
you can understand these current events
faster with more accuracy or not. And I
think that's where this decision has to
come to and that's what politicians need
to decide and society needs to decide.
&gt;&gt; All right. We're really excited that
we're doing another event. Yes. A new
event from your friends at Allin. The
besties are hosting a new conference uh
a retreat, a summit in uh wine country
May 31st through June 3rd. It's called
liquidity. This is for capital
allocators and LPs and GPS. Chamatop,
maybe you could talk a little bit about
the vision we have here for the event.
&gt;&gt; There are a handful of conferences that
happen every year where money is made.
I'll give you a couple of examples. All
the top
market traders have been invited to this
thing called Iris every year where you
go in front of a large audience, present
your best long or short idea and you can
be a debt trader, a credit trader, you
can be an equities trader. I've done it
several times. Aman has done it. David
Einhorn has done it. Cliff Robbins has
done it. These are incredible places and
you pay like $10,000 a ticket and if you
take those portfolios, they tend to do
really well. Separately, there are
conferences that investment banks
organize that are off the record, not
publicly accessible where they ask their
biggest traders to come to a room, and
they'll give them each a few minutes to
present their best long and short ideas
of public stocks. Then there are these
equivalent conferences that investment
banks do for private companies where the
best fast growing private companies show
up and the CEOs get on stage and they
give presentations.
All of these things have been closed. I
would like to blow that wide open. So
what will we do? We will convene
the best investors in public markets,
the best hedge fund managers, the best
private market investors, the best
growth investors, the best credit
investors, and the largest cohort of LPs
representing trillions of dollars of
capital, and the CEOs of the fastest
growing and most important companies in
technology.
And what we will do over the course of a
few days is we'll have some
presentations. We'll have best ideas.
We'll build relationships.
There may be some investments that may
happen as a result of that. We're going
to shut down all of Yianville. We're
going to shut down the French Laundry.
We're going to shut down all of it. And
it'll be ours for a two-day playground
where we will build relationships,
allocate capital, and maybe make some
money as a result. So, you need to
apply. We will make some allocations to
some folks that may not otherwise get
in. We'll make some allocations to
emerging managers who may need to raise
capital and scale up but can show us
good returns.
And over time, we'll find a way to
increase a lot of this and make it more
and more publicly accessible. We But we
are going to essentially take all of
these things that I've been a part of
that have been in closed rooms and we're
going to put them together and open it
up.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Well said. Well said. It's going
to be a wonderful event. Freeberg, uh,
anything you're excited about in terms
of the event?
&gt;&gt; No, I love Yfville. We're going to
Yanfell, so I'm looking forward to that.
It's going to be great.
&gt;&gt; I mean, beautiful location and I think
there's going to be ample time for
meetings, networking.
&gt;&gt; Jal, if you're an investor, you can go
to the website to
&gt;&gt; allin.com/events
and you can submit your application. We
can't have everybody there and this is
not like a general admission type event.
It is specifically for this group of
people, capital allocators. So apply at
the website allin.com/events.
It's going to be wonderful. And Shimoth
is putting his focus on it. I can tell
you because I brought him my first five
ideas and he was like, "No, no, no. Yes,
but better." Yes. Yes. So he is engaged
and he's going to make it super tight
and tight.
&gt;&gt; I'm being judgy.
&gt;&gt; Good. I like it. I like it. You know,
all great events, all great art is has
some perspective behind it and we're
excited to have your sharp perspective
behind this one. Liquidity May 31st to
June 3rd. allin.com/events. Okay, let's
move on to our next topic. The new CBO
report is out. Freeberg, you said we are
in a debt death spiral. The
Congressional Budget Offer released its
long-term budget forecast on Wednesday,
February 11th. Here are the numbers.
2026 deficit is 1.9 trillion. And that's
nearly 6% of GDP, much higher than the
3% GDP target we heard from Scott Besson
on this podcast. Social Security, I
talked about that before. Freeberg Trust
runs out in 2032,
uh, one year earlier than previously
expected. That's obviously going to
trigger all kinds of discussions around
austerity measures that folks will not
like. The debt will now grow from 31
trillion today to 56 trillion in 2036.
So, it is not stopping, folks. We are
looking at an average of 2.5 trillion
per year from 2026 to 2036.
Also, currently we're at 120% debt to
GDP. House Committee on Budget expects
it to be 135%. So slightly up in 2036.
For comparison, Japan is 237, Singapore
176, Venezuela 164, the Greeks 154, UK
94. 20 years ago, our debt to GDP was
but 60%. Here's a direct quote from the
report. The fiscal trajectory is not
sustainable.
Okay, Dr. Doom,
what do you think? Freeberg, this is
your story, your chance to shine.
&gt;&gt; Well, there's no outlook to 3% deficit
to GDP.
&gt;&gt; There he is.
And if you look at the assumptions, one
of the key assumptions is that the
short-term interest rate, which is
largely how a lot of the debt is getting
refinanced, is modeled to be around
3.1%.
But if rates climb closer to 5%, as I
mentioned in the past, just using the
current debt levels, it adds another
$650 billion a year of interest expense,
which takes interest expense almost up
to$2 trillion a year just paying the
interest on the past debt. And because
we're running a deficit, that new
interest expense increases the debt
every year. So the debt goes up and up
and up just by adding interest on past
debt. And so this becomes the death
spiral that we've kind of highlighted
many times. So there's nothing in this
report that I think changes the outlook.
It's pretty scary. Um, I'll say that the
trigger point that I'm getting more and
more concerned about, if the Democrats
win the midterms and you end up with a
Democrat in the White House in 2028,
I think that there's a bigger problem at
foot, which is all of the state and
local obligations. We've talked about
Social Security looks like it's going to
run out of money in a few years here.
And so, they're going to need to print a
lot more money to fund Social Security
obligations. uh it's very unlikely
they're going to make a massive cut to
social security because no one will get
elected if they did that and no one will
get elected if they promise to do that.
Um and there's a similar problem at the
state and local level which is that
there's pension obligations. We've
talked about this extensively.
California has nearly a trillion dollars
of unfunded pension obligations to its
public retirees or public employees that
are going to retire. If you end up with
a Democratc controlled House and a
Democrat president in 2028, you'll very
likely see a federalization of that
obligation, meaning that the federal
government will step in to bail out or
support those state and local
governments because otherwise there's
going to be a real kind of economic
crisis a foot. So when you add that
liability coming to hit this CBO report,
which doesn't include any of that in the
next 5 to 10 years, I think that could
be not just the straw that breaks the
camel's back, but the concrete that
breaks the camel's back. And that's the
thing I'm most worried about. There is a
deep connection between what's going on
with the socialist movements at a city
level and now increasingly at a state
level and what we should expect to
happen with the US dollar and how it
relates to federal spending and federal
deficits and federal debt and these are
going to be dragging each other into a
bad place in the next couple of years
one way or the other. So, you know,
that's kind of what I'm more worried
about at this point. It seems if it's
very hard to cut spending or get
Congress to approve budget cuts that we
need to save ourselves from this debt
death spiral, imagine how much worse
it's going to be in the next couple of
years if we have to bail out or
federalize state and local uh debt and
state and local pension obligations.
It's going to be really nasty. So,
that's the thing I worry about the most.
Yeah.
&gt;&gt; In my Dr. Doom hat.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think that that's one of the
things that no one talks about at the
federal level and everyone ignores it
because they assume it's a state and
local problem
&gt;&gt; as we've talked about and I'll bring it
up again and I'll ask my colleague who
works in the administration to think
about this idea that you know if we can
find a way to declare bankruptcy to
restructure the the fiscal obligations
or the the pension obligations that sit
at the state and local level we may have
a way out but short of that uh that's
going to pile onto this this federal
problem. Sax, your thoughts on the CBO
report and this uh death spiral, debt
death spiral.
&gt;&gt; Well, we all agree about the problem of
federal spending and the deficit and the
debt and we're all concerned about that.
With respect to the CBO study, however,
I'll just note that one of the key
assumptions here is that CBO projects
that real GDP will only grow by 2.2%
this year in 2026. That's a very low
assumption given that we grew by over 4%
in Q3 last year and the preliminary
number for Q4 was over 5%. And I think
all of our predictions for GDP growth
this year when we did our predictions
episode was 5% plus. So 2.2% is a pretty
low number. And then they predict that
it's going to slow to 1.8%
after 2026. So again, these are very
meager anemic growth assumptions. And if
you believe that all of this capex
that's being invested in AI
infrastructure is going to have a payoff
then the growth rates could be a lot
higher. And that ultimately I think is
the way to get out of the debt spiral is
we need strong growth. Without that
we're not going to get out of this
problem. So look I think that if you
believe in growth then the situation is
not quite as dire. You know what would I
do? Well, I mean, if I could wave a
magic wand, the two key charts you want
to look at are federal net outlays as a
percent of GDP. This is from Fred,
right? And then you want to look at
federal receipts, which is tax receipts
as a percent of GDP. And you just don't
want those lines to be more than call it
3% apart. I think that's what Secretary
Besson said is try to reduce federal
deficits to 3% of GDP. Historically,
tax receipts have bounced around 17%.
And the federal net outlays have bounced
around 20%. So, if you get back to that,
we'd be in pretty good shape. And we
were before CO our federal net outlays,
which means spending as a percent of GDP
was around 20%. But then with CO, it
bounced all the way up to 30% in 2020
because of both a function of all the
stimulus, but then also the fact that
the economy shrank because of CO and
we've never quite gotten back to that
magic 20% number. Right now, it's
trending around 23%. So, we're doing a
lot better than we did under CO, but
it's still just a few percent higher. I
mean, if it was up to me, I would just
freeze federal spending until the
economy grew to the point where federal
spending as a percent of GDP is 20%. And
then you could let federal spending
continue to grow as the economy grows.
And we're not even talking about cuts
here. We're not even talking about
shrinking the size of the government.
We're just talking about limiting the
rate of growth until the overall size of
the economy can catch up with it. But
look, as we know, it's very hard to get
Washington to go along with that because
there is just a lot of spending pressure
in Washington. One thing I will say
though, I mean, just to give some credit
to the administration here, is that the
level of federal employment is at the
lowest level since 1966. So during uh
President Trump's second term here,
we've gone from roughly 3 million
federal employees to a little bit under
2.7 million. So, you know, over 300,000
federal employees have been cut. I think
that is a good start. I mean, you
&gt;&gt; 10%
&gt;&gt; is a good start for you,
&gt;&gt; by the way. I think that's I think
that's really important to just pause on
just so people understand this isn't
like some hurtful thing about firing
people. They lose their jobs. But when
people move from the government
workforce into the private workforce,
they become productive. They're making
things that grow the economy. And
theoretically, they should also make
more money. So this is positive from an
economic point of view to move the
workforce from public to private. It
also to my point historically I think
it's very important to avoid the
socialist spiral that if you have too
many people employed by the government
it becomes impossible to not employ
people by the government and that
becomes ultimately deacto socialism.
Shimath your thoughts here obviously
great thing that we're shrinking the
size of the government those people
becoming more productive going into the
private sector. That's a big win. We all
agree 10% great job in the first year.
Hey, maybe 5% the next two or three
years would be even better, but the debt
continues to be a problem. Uh, are you
worried? Do you think there's a solution
here? What would you do if you were
running the show?
I think you have to take a broader
historical context to this.
Does debt to GDP matter?
It depends on many things, but mostly I
would say it doesn't matter.
And it's very easy for people to get
agitated about that. Now, there are
things that matter when you print too
much money, which is the value of the
dollar, the value of exports, the cost
of imports, and how to actually protect
your earnings and your wealth. That's a
different question. This is a historical
look back from about 300 years of debt
to GDP of the largest functioning
economies in the world. Now, what do you
see? What you see is the trend where
you, you know, if you smooth it out for
wars, which by the way has this weird
effect of first escalating the debt to
GDP, but then severely impacting it in a
positive way. The Napoleonic War, the
FrancoRussian War, World War II, these
things all had positive effects on
bringing debt to GDP once the war was
over. But the general trend since 1700
to now is up and to the right. And the
key observation is that it moves in
unison that these things are relative
problems. So if the entire world moves
in unison like this there is an argument
to be made which is that you could end
up at 300
250 200% of debt to GDP. But if
everybody is there nothing really
changes that much. The real question is
if one country is able to decouple
itself and its economic output is so
meaningfully different than everybody
else's. So my first take on this whole
debt to GDP thing is I think you have to
look at it together as a group.
Separately,
is it important to contain the debt?
Absolutely. But for these other reasons,
for earnings, for inflation, for all of
those very practical reasons that impact
your daily lived life. And what do we
know there? We know that President Trump
was elected on a massive mandate
to secure the border on one hand, but to
look at waste, fraud, and abuse on the
other. And on that side, what did he do?
He drafted the most important and
prolific private businessman in the
history of the world to be his tip of
the spear.
And what happened? They identified
hundreds of billions of dollars. But
when it came down to it and Congress had
to act to solidify these cuts, they
haven't done much of anything. Which is
a way of saying that if the most
conservative Congress in the history of
the United States has not done much to
solidify these cuts that were identified
by the White House and Doge, then as
Freeberg said, it'll only get worse if
there's ever a Democratic House and
Democratic control. So what do we have
to do? I think we have to just
acknowledge that if debt to GDP
continually moves in unison, the music
isn't up for a very long time. That's
just an observation. I'm not saying it's
right or wrong. It's just the
observation. But you got to find ways of
hedging and owning real durable assets
because the underlying currency that is
used in these economies even on a
relative basis will fluctuate wildly and
just fall off of a cliff which will mean
that it will erode the value that you
have created for yourself and your
family. That I think is the most
important takeaway from all of this,
which is we probably see things like
gold
do much much better over time because
people will be afraid about the
durability of their dollar denominated
resources. But it will also be true for
all these other denominated resources.
But I think debt to GDP quite honestly
if I had to be a betting man will trend
into the 2 3 4 5 600 on a relative basis
for all countries because I just think
the governments of these countries are
addicted to spending and there is no
reason to stop safe of some other
planetary species invading planet earth.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. A black swan event. Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. There's also a question of what
Fed action will do to the capacity for
excess deficit spending. So if Kevin
Worsh
really does want to tighten the Fed's
balance sheet and the Fed is effectively
the first in line buyer of treasuries,
meaning they are printing money to fund
the government spending and they slow
down or actively slow down and stop
doing that, then there is a real um kind
of question on what action will Congress
and the administration need to take
because what will happen as you know if
the Fed stops buying treasuries,
Treasury yields will go up. And if
Treasury yields go up, that means the
interest on the existing debt will start
to go up. And if that lasts for a period
of time and you start going from 3 to 4
to 4 12 to 5% on the short end of the
the yield curve, then it starts to
become way too expensive to fund this
level of deficit spending because the
interest expense will just start to
climb and eat it all up. So I think like
the Kevin Worsh question is if he really
is going to reduce the balance sheet,
what's that going to do to rates? What's
that going to ultimately force Congress,
force the administration to do with
spending?
&gt;&gt; Jason, what do you think?
&gt;&gt; Uh, you know, we are in a
consumer-driven
economy and the employment rate in this
country is absolutely fantastic. So,
just three quick charts here. You know,
this is
the number of job openings. We still
have, even after we burned off uh in
2022 from 12 million to 7 million jobs,
we still have a ton of jobs available.
Then if you look at our unemployment
rate, it's still at historical lows for
our lifetime. If you were born in 1970,
this is as good as it gets. 4.456
is what it's been. It's ticking up
modestly, but still lowest of our
lifetimes. And then finally, the
employment participation rate, number of
people in our society who are working
and able to work. It peaked at 68% or so
during the Clinton years and this is
still low 62%.
We still have people who could be
participating. So all of these problems
will be solved if more people were to
participate and take those jobs. Why
don't they take those jobs? Sometimes
it's a geographic mismatch. Sometimes it
is a skills mismatch and but very often
it is the jobs are not paying enough. So
if you want to give uh Trump his flowers
by closing the border, you've reduced
the number of people taking the jobs uh
off the books and then you have the
businesses are going to have to raise
their minimum wage. They're going to
have to raise their offering wage, which
then might get this 7% or so that are
sitting on the sidelines to take their
jobs. Crazy prediction. I wouldn't be
surprised if we see Trump, who is
obviously a populist, and I tweeted
about this the other day, got almost a
half million views or 400,000 views.
What if um Trump decides he's going to
raise the minimum wage? Not saying I
endorse this or not, but it's incredibly
low at seven bucks an hour. Obviously,
in different cities and states, it's 15
to 20. But what if Trump said we're
going to add a dollar to it or $2 to it
over each year of the next three? this
would be incredibly popular and it would
get some of those people off the
sidelines and maybe take these jobs. So,
just a crazy prediction there, but I
think it's a possibility and I think
they're going to lose the midterms as it
stands right now. It looks like I think
that's the consensus opinion and they
haven't been able to do something with
this affordability. Well, I think most
Americans would say if you raise the
minimum wage uh that that would increase
affordability. You can make the counter
argument it's going to just be
inflationary, but I think most Americans
are going to believe in that. So, I
wouldn't be surprised if you saw Trump
take action there because he does take
populist actions like this from time to
time.
&gt;&gt; You actually the economic literature on
what raising the minimum wage does.
&gt;&gt; Yes. It can increase inflation and it
can lower the it can raise inflation and
it can lower the profitability of
businesses. Yeah. And move stuff
offshore. No, what it does is it makes
it illegal to hire someone whose labor
is worth less than the minimum wage and
so it is shown to create higher
unemployment in those segments of the
economy. It's like one of those core
findings of economists. So yeah, it's
true that some people will be a
beneficiary of getting a higher minimum
wage, but then there'll be other people
who just lose their jobs and it creates
an incentive for those employers to
shift more labor towards automation. So
if you're already worried about those
people losing their jobs to automation,
that's a downside. So anyway, if the
minimum wage were a panacea and it just
increased everyone's living standards
without having downsides, why wouldn't
you make the minimum wage $100 an hour?
You know, why would you know, everyone
would just keep raising it infinitely?
Obviously, it doesn't work because if
you raise the minimum wage too much,
which is to say more than the value of
someone's labor, then they just get
unemployed. looking at what happened in
the different cities or in Australia or
other countries, they have a much higher
minimum wage and they have much more
happiness. Businesses and prices go up
about 20% 10 to 20%. So in Australia, if
you go to a restaurant or if you go to a
Scandinavian country, things might cost
10% 20% more, but you have a happier
population. Uh and yes, it could lead to
more, you know, automation. We got rid
of cashiers because it became too
expensive in New York to pay 15 to 20
bucks for a cashier. Sure. But we have
really low minimum. We have very low
unemployment now. And the businesses can
clearly afford to pay an extra buck an
hour or two bucks an hour. So there's
the theoretical academic argument which
you are correct on and I understand it
fully well. And then there's the reality
on the field which is Seattle, San
Francisco, New York, Los Angeles,
Australia, other places have a much
higher minimum wage. they have higher
happiness in the population. I don't
actually think it will have any impact
because I think it's artificially low,
but that's just one man's opinion. I
think it would change the game here in
America and I think it would actually do
something to your uh concern Freeberg
about socialism. I think that if people
felt that there was a, you know, kind of
a backs stop against this low low cost
of labor, it might actually make people
pretty stoked, you know, that they could
get a higher paying hourly job and it
might take some of that edge off in the
same way universal healthcare might do
that. But again, just one man's opinion.
&gt;&gt; I got to say on all this economic data,
I I think we're kind of missing the lead
here, which is we are at the beginning
of an economic boom. Again, we saw it in
the GDP growth rates in Q3 and Q4 last
year. Over 4% Q3, over 5% Q4. We just
had a January job report where the
economy added 172,000 new private sector
jobs. This blew away the expectation
which was around 70,000. At the same
time, the government shed 42,000 jobs.
The net of this was to bring the
unemployment rate down to 4.3%. So, I
remember a few months ago, JCL, you were
ringing your hands about the fact that
the unemployment rate had ticked up.
Well, now it's back down and you're
seeing a lot of jobs being created in
construction, especially non-residential
construction. Has to do with the data
centers, the AI boom that's going on.
33,000 new construction jobs in January.
We've seen in President Trump's second
term, you've had 615,000
new private sector jobs been created.
While again like we talked about over
300,000 government jobs have been cut
which increases the productivity of the
economy and it does what Secretary
Besson says which is rep privatize the
economy. So I just think that the
overall economic news is really good.
Again we have this AI boom going on.
There's a new chart showing that the
capex for this year that's expected just
from the four leading hyperscalers is
$600 billion just from four companies.
That's a roughly 2% tailwind to GDP
growth right there. That is just the
capex. That doesn't include all the ROI
that you might get from that
infrastructure on the software side, on
the application side, the productivity
side. So, we have a boom going on and I
feel like everyone's kind of
blackpilling about this. Uh, you know,
they're focusing on this
&gt;&gt; I agree
&gt;&gt; CBO report that has unrealistically low
growth rates.
&gt;&gt; We're going to print 6%.
&gt;&gt; Or they're doom scrolling about Epstein
or what have you.
&gt;&gt; And I just think when we look back on
this period, it could end up being a
little bit like the late 90s. Remember
when we had, you know, we look back on
the late 90s, we're like, "Wow, we had
like phenomenal economic growth.
&gt;&gt; Golden age.
&gt;&gt; Golden age. Economic labor
participation.
the internet,
&gt;&gt; right? But if you remember what politics
were like at that time period, all
anyone talked about was whether Bill
Clinton got a from Lewinsky.
&gt;&gt; So my point is just again, I'm not sure
we're focused on the right things. I
suspect we'll look back on this time
period as the beginning of a new golden
age.
&gt;&gt; I agree.
&gt;&gt; I think you're correct. And just in
terms of the hand ringing comment,
anytime a statistic is 10 15%, I
highlight it. I wouldn't use hand
ringing. I would just say we generally
look at that when we went from 4.1%
which is where Trump inherited it went
up to 4.5 it's about a 10% increase in
one year if that trend were to continue
that would be notable but to your point
it's gone down and that is because the
border I believe the southern border is
closed and as you're pointing out we've
got a lot of good news in the economy so
people are hiring still and uh so we are
in really good economic shape I would
say it's hard to deny that yeah
&gt;&gt; all The job creation has been enjoyed by
native born Americans as well. All the
job loss has been on non-nativeborn
Americans which is pretty remarkable. So
that I think is also going to acrude to
the benefit of of more Americans. By the
way, just on the unemployment thing,
there was a slight tick up in October
because of the October one buyouts.
Remember Doge created the the buyout
program
&gt;&gt; and September or October? When did they
hit?
&gt;&gt; It was October 1st was the deadline for
that. And so we had a tick up in
unemployment related to that. But
remember, all of those were voluntary
buyouts. They all chose the Doge option.
That's what created the tick up in
unemployment, but again, it was all, I
think, a good and voluntary tick up. And
now the unemployment rate has ticked
down. So again, the job creation right
now is strong.
&gt;&gt; And to just put a finer point on it, the
top two areas where illegal aliens are
working in the United States, most
people don't know this, construction,
number one, and the second one is
leisure and hospitality. So you got two
and a half million people working in
those two categories. Which is why I
said if you want to see more Americans
take jobs and you want to see wages go
up. If you went to those businesses and
you find those businesses for hiring
illegal aliens, which is the easiest
thing in the world to do, you just show
up at a construction site, you take
pictures of everybody who is working
illegally, which is what they used to do
in the ICE agency. They would then do um
you know surveillance of construction
sites and then they would go and find
the construction person and then they
had to hire Americans or that
construction company would get in
serious trouble. There's been
multi-million dollar fines done over the
last 20 years specifically on
construction sites and that would drive
more people to raise the wages of
construction workers which would even
lower unemployment more and increase
labor participation. That's where the
big win is. Go to construction sites.
&gt;&gt; You want you want ICE to randomly raid
employers, construction sites.
&gt;&gt; I would use the term raid. Raid is no. I
survey
&gt;&gt; and just check everyone's papers. You
want I showing up everywhere. You want
number one, they're doing this already,
gentlemen. This is well within their
purview. Look up the legal. They have
been doing this for 30 years. This is
actually the technique they used before
raiding cities in a chaotic way. They
went, they surveiled, which is their
right to do. They have the right to do
that. I didn't say raid. I said surveil.
That is a peaceful, quiet thing to do.
And then they find business owners. The
business owners are the people who are
causing this problem. The if there was
not a job available in construction for
20, 30, 40 bucks an hour off the books
and not paying taxes, those immigrants
who are crossing illegally would not be
here. If they couldn't get a $30 an hour
off the book job, working at a hotel or
as a dishwasher, they would not come.
And the blame need to stop hiring them.
What do you mean?
&gt;&gt; Surveil surveile. So what is how do they
how do they with a camera figure out if
someone's illegal? What's the camera
figuring out?
&gt;&gt; Okay. So you guys, it's very simple. And
I
&gt;&gt; Oh, you have to scan first and so then
you'll know who you guys are.
&gt;&gt; No, I want to hear I want to hear I want
to hear you want to hear the answer and
how misinformed the three of you are and
biased. I will tell you you're all
misinformed and biased.
&gt;&gt; Surveil someone to figure out they're
illegal.
&gt;&gt; It's super simple. You go to the
construction site. Everybody checks in
their morning. They have a truck. This
has been done for decades, gentlemen.
They take pictures of everybody. Then
they go in at the end of the day after
surveilling for weeks, Chama. And it's
they have done this already. This is all
facts. They've had multiple cases where
they go to the construction site, they
take pictures, they take a video, then
they go to the business owner and say,
"Show us these people's payubs." And the
business owner goes, "I don't have
payubs for these people." And they say,
"Okay, here's a video of them working
for 8 hours a day. Where's their payub?
Show us their taxes. The businesses are
paying people off the books. That is tax
evasion. And then they got multi-million
dollar fines. Here's a very important
case. This is from back in 2017. The
Justice Department and ICE went after a
group which was hiring illegal aliens.
This is the largest payment ever in an
immigration case. 95 million recovered,
80 million criminal forfeite, 15 million
in civil payments. That represented,
according to our Justice Department in
2017, the largest ever levied
immigration case, we can solve almost
all of the immigration issues with the
exception of maybe criminal gangs. just
by doing basic surveillance, basic, you
know, detective work, asking these
businesses to show the payubs of the
people working for them. And ICE has
been doing this. They've already been
doing this.
&gt;&gt; Your suggestion is to do this for every
company in America.
&gt;&gt; Okay. So again, you're being hyperbolic
and you're not negot
&gt;&gt; I said I said this at the top. You pick
the number one employer of illegal
aliens, 2.5 million people working
construction. You start with the largest
construction sites and then you work
backwards. Then you start with the
largest restaurant and hotel chains.
&gt;&gt; If Stephen Miller were doing this, you'd
say he's not compassionate enough. You
call him a fascist.
&gt;&gt; I have Nope. Incorrect. Once again,
incorrect. I have stated publicly here
on the pod and I have stated publicly on
Twitter that this is actually what
Steven Miller should do because this
would go after the people who are
causing the immigration problem. The
people immigration problem are the
people. Let me finish. Let me finish
that. The people causing this problem
are the business owners. They are
providing the incentive to come here.
Steven Miller should stop doing the
crazy raids and he should go and just
&gt;&gt; You don't think it's the government
benefits that are incentivizing people
to come.
&gt;&gt; I think that's like far down the list.
Two, three, four.
&gt;&gt; Far down the list.
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Is the free healthcare and the free food
and the free.
&gt;&gt; Actually have statistics. I can give you
a statistic on. According to this LA
Times survey, 75% of immigrants come
here for better job opportunities.
People coming to America illegally are
coming here for economic reasons. They
are not coming here to commit crimes.
They are not coming here to get
benefits. That is way down the list.
That is a small percentage.
&gt;&gt; How is this going to deport all the gang
bangers, the rapists, the murderers, the
ones who aren't working on a farm?
They're not doing
&gt;&gt; That's a totally separate issue. They
should go do that. That's a separate
issue. They should go do those and go
after
&gt;&gt; that is what ICE was doing. They're
trying to round up the known criminals
for whom they get warrants and then they
capture them and deport them. That's a
separate problem.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, those are two separate problems.
I'm not talking about the problem of
gang bangers. You can do gang bangers.
I'm talking about if you actually want
to move big numbers. The gang bangers
are small number. The people working in
construction working at hotels are a big
number. Yeah, they're both equally
important. Saxs, we're in agreement.
Okay.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. The the thing we're not doing at
scale is going after the businesses that
are creating the incentive for the
majority of people who come here.
Ferrari has a new car coming out. It's
going to be their first all electric
vehicle. Very polarizing.
Here's an illustration of the vehicle
from Car and Driver. This is not the
accurate one because it's going to be
revealed in May, but this is what they
think it's going to look like. 1,000
plus horsepower, four electric motors, 0
to 60 in under 2.5 seconds. Uh 330 mi
range. It's the heaviest Ferrari ever,
5100 lb compared to the iconic F40,
which was but 3,000 lb. It's going to
launch in May of 2026. But we got to see
the interior, and this is what
everybody's buzzing about. It's gone
viral on the interwebs. former Apple
design chief Johnny IV uh on his team
with his partner Mark Nuome who also
designed the iconic Ford 021C concept
car were involved in this.
&gt;&gt; Wait, what is that?
&gt;&gt; Uh it's this is like if you're a car
nerd, this was like this incredibly
innovative moment in design that never
happened that Ford did it. It looks very
similar to an Apple product.
&gt;&gt; Here's the key for the new
&gt;&gt; looks like an animated character in cars
or something like that, you know. You
have this beautiful square glass key
like an iPhone. You put it in and the
yellow Ferrari yellow drains out and
goes into the shifter. That was one
nuance that people thought was very
beautiful. The screen looks very Mac
inspired except unlike Tesla which is uh
no buttons and removing buttons. They're
adding buttons here and making the
buttons very tactile. All the sports car
enthusiasts love tactile memory based
buttons that you can just have fun with
and flip and feel like you're a fighter
pilot. Finally,
the uh turning the car on is like
starting up a jet. You have a launch
button you twist and press and it makes
the whole car turn Ferrari orange or
red. And uh yeah, that's the inside
sachs. You buying one or not? You like
it?
&gt;&gt; I saw I saw everyone just, you know, all
over this design and I thought it was a
little bit unfair in the sense that I
actually overall like the interior. I
thought it found a compromise between,
you know, let's call it the all glass
cockpit of a Tesla versus a totally
analog old Ferrari interior. Like you
said, it it had a combination of
screens, but then also buttons. And they
made a point of showing that the buttons
were not only nicely tactile, but they
also made pleasing sounds and that kind
of stuff. It seemed very heavy duty. So,
I thought the interior actually was
pretty good. Again, nice balance between
kind of the interior of a race car, the
simplicity of that iPad screen, but also
having enough sort of buttons that you
develop muscle memory around where all
the controls are. You don't have to go
hunting for them through a menu.
&gt;&gt; I thought the missier wasn't on the
inside. I thought it was on the outside.
I hate the look of the outside of this
car.
&gt;&gt; It looks to me,
&gt;&gt; by the way, just to be clear, that look
is what people are projecting. It's not
the final version.
&gt;&gt; I think this is terrible. This to me
looks like a Corvette maybe or even like
a Franazam. I mean
&gt;&gt; it looks like a Model 3. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; I don't like the What's that like the
black part of the front or even the
&gt;&gt; grill?
&gt;&gt; The grill. It looks terrible and the
things going on on the sides
&gt;&gt; and then the back almost looks like a
hatchback or something. It's just, you
know, uh a Ferrari should look swoopier.
It should look curvier and there should
be fewer different pieces to it.
&gt;&gt; 100%.
&gt;&gt; So, I don't know. Doesn't look right to
me as a Ferrari, but I thought the
inside actually was was fine.
&gt;&gt; I like it.
&gt;&gt; Chimop, you buyer. When's the last time
you actually drove yourself, Sax? Have
you actually used a steering wheel in
the last decade? When's the last time
you actually used the steering wheel?
&gt;&gt; Full full self-driving has made me a
driver again because I just set the full
self-driving.
&gt;&gt; Wow. And it's such a game changer. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; Well, with with FSD.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Okay. So, you're now driving
around Texas. I like it
&gt;&gt; with FSD.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Because the Uber takes forever. So now
I'm just like, you know,
&gt;&gt; you you like uh you've always liked to
drive Jamoth. I think you you drive
yourself these days or you uh
&gt;&gt; I drive myself in a Model Y with FSD or
I take a Whimo. One of the two.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Whimo's in the valley now. Yeah.
On the piss.
&gt;&gt; I've had a Ferrari.
What I would tell you is that there's
just something that's very unique.
There's a Ferrari experience that's
different from every other car.
And I think that the new CEO,
Benedtovenia,
is a very talented executive and I think
that he's probably going to land
something beautiful.
The thing is that we are racing against
time. And I've said this before, but FSD
and autonomy is going to shift the
number of people that even know what it
means to drive. It will feel like
when we look at somebody who really
embraces thoroughbed racing, it's just
going to happen in smaller and smaller
places and less and less often. And
that's not because these cars aren't
beautiful, but it's because the risk
will not make any sense for most people
under most conditions. And I think
that's the big thing that's going to
change. Like the car culture in America
was a profound part of the American
culture. You know, driving from A to B
on vacation, the sense of freedom, the
building of the interstate highway
system. These were huge parts of what
made America great and the rails on
which all this productivity sat on top
of. And now I think it's all going to
change. So I don't know. I mean, I think
the car will probably be beautiful. Like
Ferraris are beautiful. There's a
Ferrari dealership in Redwood City. And
whenever I drive by it, I slow down and
I look out.
&gt;&gt; Yum, yum.
&gt;&gt; They make beautiful cars.
&gt;&gt; Piece of art. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; And I think in places like China and
India, they're always going to have a
market. But I think in places like the
United States, it's going to become so
expensive to pay for the insurance if
you are driving yourself
&gt;&gt; that the idea that you would buy any car
is going to feel tougher and tougher
just because I think the math is going
to be tough. But the experience inside
of the Ferrari is second to none. So it
probably is that there's going to be a
bunch of high-end cars like Ferrari
where you pay for the experience, you're
in a position to pay for the car, you'll
pay for the insurance, the luxury,
&gt;&gt; all of it, and then the rest of us will
be using FSD or Whimo
I we have two Model Y's and we have to
get another car and it's like, well,
what else can we buy? We have no choice.
It's either buy one of the last X's.
&gt;&gt; I'm so mad the X well deprecating the X
really bought I have a real problem now
which is I have five kids so the X is
the only car that can manage seven
people so I need I need a new
&gt;&gt; there is a three row by the way Model Y
but it's a bit tight.
&gt;&gt; It's a bit tight. It's not
&gt;&gt; it's a bit tight. I This is I I wish
Elon would have made the minivan or the
three row SUV and who knows maybe he
does someday. When I was in Abu Dhabi, I
saw my dream car. It is this Lexus
minivan and the doors open and it's like
first class airline seats.
&gt;&gt; And the front is completely blacked out.
So you have total privacy.
This car. Yes. This car.
&gt;&gt; I
&gt;&gt; This is not It's not for sale in the US.
&gt;&gt; It's not available in America. Why is
this car or minivan, whatever, not
available in the United States?
&gt;&gt; I think it's the Lexus LM. And then
there's the Alfred in Japan. My favorite
cars.
&gt;&gt; This is the interior.
&gt;&gt; Show the view captain's chairs. It's got
a full screen and divider between the
two with the drivers in the front.
&gt;&gt; Um and then you have this luxurious.
Those aren't the captain's chair. Show
the captain. There's the captain.
&gt;&gt; See those beautiful captain's chairs?
They're gorgeous. Basically like an
executive van.
&gt;&gt; These are like Etihad
first class airline seats. It's
unbelievable. Look at these. Look at
these two seats.
&gt;&gt; Unbelievable. Gorgeous. And you have a
full monitor in front of you, David. You
press a button and the monitor rises and
falls so you can talk to your driver or
have CNBC on.
&gt;&gt; I like getting in and out of SUVs or
minivans. The height is good for me.
&gt;&gt; So easy to get. And the Alfred is the
other one. None of these are available
in the US. These are the number one cars
in China, Singapore, the Middle East for
chauffeer driven cars. They're
incredible.
&gt;&gt; It's called what? An Alfred. What's
that?
&gt;&gt; Alfred is the Toyota version. And then
Lexus is obviously the higher brand of
Toyota and they make I think it's called
the LS is the name for these. Cannot get
them in.
&gt;&gt; All right, boys. I love you very much.
That's another amazing episode of the
Allin podcast. 261 weeks and counting.
Strong.
&gt;&gt; Episode 261.
&gt;&gt; I think it's 261. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; All right. Back at you. Let's go.
&gt;&gt; Love you boys. Love you.
&gt;&gt; Let your winners ride.
Rainman David
&gt;&gt; and it said we open sourced it to the
fans and they've just gone crazy with
it.
&gt;&gt; Queen of
besties are
my dog taking a notice in your driveway.
Oh man, my habitasher will meet up.
&gt;&gt; We should all just get a room and just
have one big huge orgy cuz they're all
just useless. It's like this like sexual
tension that we just need to release
somehow.
&gt;&gt; Your feet.
We need to get Mercury's back.
I'm going all in.
