===================================
Podcast: 20vc
Title: Anthropic's Super Bowl Ad: Who Won & Lost? | Sierra Hits $150M ARR: Is Customer Support Too Crowded?
Date: 2026-02-12
Video: https://youtube.com/watch?v=RdunfbobxaY
===================================

 
The idea that software as a category is
dead is ludicrous to me. I'm like, it's
tough out there. It's going to be hard.
Welcome to the technology industry.
&gt;&gt; Now, today we have Mike Cannon Brooks,
co-founder of Atlassian, joining us for
my favorite show of the week.
&gt;&gt; I just think we have to give up on TAM.
We just have to let the revenue show us
the path to TAM. Every category that I
know of outside of engineering and
product is at existential risk of
shrinking seats.
&gt;&gt; It's the venture capital equivalent of
you can't get fired for buying IBM,
right? You can't get fired for sticking
money in with a 1x preference on the
consensus winner. This is classic top of
the bubble stuff.
Ready to go.
So excited for this guys. We have a very
special guest joining the trio in Mike
Cannon Brooks. Mike, thank you so much
for joining such a phenomenal group of
intellectuals.
&gt;&gt; Thanks for having me.
&gt;&gt; Now, I I want to start we we saw
Anthropic release updates which wiped
billions off the stock market. I want to
start with Anthropic predicts 149
billion in ARR in 2029 under the most
optimistic scenario. The question that
we ask ourselves is is this just the
collective budgets of enterprises all
going to Anthropic
and how do we think about that?
&gt;&gt; Well, just to me just to mention it out
quickly 150 billion
for entropic. Let's just say if they
make that number open AI's estimate for
the same year I checked is 180 right so
call it you know 350 380 between them
right you know the total US the total
worldwide software business is 700
billion so it's a it's a it would be a
pretty big chunk unless you expand the
TAM it's the same old discussion if you
don't believe in TAM expansion and it's
a zero sum game then if two companies
are going to do 400 billion and we can
probably assume Microsoft who's already
at 200 billion going to roll over and
die then yeah they're going to they're
going to have to take the money away
from the rest of us. But clearly the bet
is time expansion
otherwise it gets really hard. I mean
that would be the first pass.
&gt;&gt; Hey Mike, can I ask you a meta question?
I'm sure you've thought about does does
all this anthropic revenue at some point
companies only have so much budgets
especially CIOS and down at some level
do you compete with that budget on
product engineering? I know it's a boost
for you but on the other hand there's
only so much budget to get extra seats
to get extra licenses. Do you feel any
any meta competition from that or or
none at all?
&gt;&gt; Let me take that second. I think you
also have to work out the revenue stack
here because like we use Enthropic a
lot. It's one of one of our biggest
models. We use you know multiple models.
Um uh which I think is what most good
SAS vendors are doing within their
customers choices, right? Like we use a
lot of Gemini, a lot of anthropic. We
have a whole bunch of Llama and Mistral
running and stuff internally and and a
bunch of open AI, right? And our job is
to pick the best model for the best cost
with the best quality outcome and the
best speed. Then we have a whole gateway
that's constantly balancing that. But
when we spend money on anthropic, don't
forget we pay AWS and then AWS pay
anthropic. So if someone spends a
million on the Alassium platform and we
spend $200,000 on AI bills or something,
pick a numbers nowhere near that high
proportionally, but that goes to AWS
revenue. And then AWS spend what 150,000
on anthropic revenue. Don't forget like
the individual revenue number is not
necessarily counting the whole stack,
right? And they have to buy a bunch of
chips and stuff. So the revenue stacking
here gets a bit complicated.
Um because like it there is a whole set
of layers underneath this, right?
There's no doubt that's a big number
though. Um do we compete with the model
providers? I think this is one of the
big questions over the long term, right?
I don't know we've yet worked out for
all the model providers what they're
going to do right we use a lot of Gemini
deep partner with Google
but obviously you could argue I don't
know Google Docs and Confluence are
somewhat competitive the two ways you
can write a piece of text and
collaborate on it and change it mega
corpse in tech competing on one level
and partnering on other levels that's
there's nothing new in that I don't
think um I think we have to be good
right I think the question the question
for underneath that is can they all
afford to shut down their models right?
That that they get so good they'll only
use themselves. I I don't believe they
will given the competition from the
other three, four before we get to China
on models or anything else. Right? So,
I'm not particularly worried about that.
We have to compete with everybody that's
providing our customers with the same
value that we're providing them, right?
In some era, there's 150 billion for
Anthropic. It's a lot of CIO budget.
It does make you wonder, the more I
read, the more I get confused where that
money uh is really coming from. Um,
&gt;&gt; but I think to Rory's point, it depends
on your question of whether it's zero
sum,
&gt;&gt; right? Like I I don't think any of this
is going to be zero sum. Like people
say, "Oh, well that's going to swap
software." And I'm like, "Well, is it
really swapping for software?" Like, if
your business is getting more
productive, you're building more
products and services, your your quality
is going up, your speed is going up,
whatever. You're going to spend money on
different things. The technology budget
of most companies over the last 30 years
has gone up massively, I would argue,
since 30 years ago when they were buying
keyboards and mice and stuff like that.
Uh
that I don't think that's going to stop.
I
&gt;&gt; think the interesting thing about that,
there's a ton in answer to unpack, but I
just want to highlight the you have to
be good sentence because when we're
going to talk about all the oh what
happens to SAS and all that, I think
Mike's big picture comment we should
remember every time. It turns out if you
want to make a lot of money, you have to
be good, right? And you have to compete
with everyone else for the same dollars.
And my guess is that will be a recurring
theme. It's not impossible to succeed.
You just quote unquote have to be good.
There's such a lot of complexity here
because you're right, you have the
margin stacking. So, you know, a classic
example is you look at Entropic, it's
doing a billion dollars in revenue. You
look at Cursor, it's doing a billion
dollars in revenue, but it's pretty much
the same billion dollars. So, you have
to think about the margin stacking. Then
on the other hand you have to say to
yourself if say you're you know if
Andropic hypothetic was doing a hundred
billion dollars and all of it was
through third party ISVS that were also
adding value and getting more money on
that it would point to the end market
would have to expand a lot right if
everyone's going to eat and grow you're
going to have to buy into big TAM
expansion and you're right my yeah you
software's grown nicely over the year my
guess is for this kind of growth you
probably need need more than the trend
line of the last 20 years, you probably
need some acceleration on top just
because the numbers are so big. I mean,
you know, to go if if An entropy goes
from 4 and a half billion to and I'm not
not for a second thing saying I think
they will. It's just like their number
to
150 bill in a world where, you know,
Microsoft does 200 billion. You're
basically saying to a rounding error,
entropic is another Microsoft.
Open AAI is another Microsoft. And
that's two more Microsofts which are
pretty voracious mouths to feed out of
the same pile of cash. It's, you know,
there better be more money coming or
it's going to get pretty kind of short
around here. I mean, you know, an
obvious one is when you look at the IT
spend, you know, you get 6700 billion of
software. But the stunning thing is you
have a billion plus or minus of sorry
trillion of consulting servicesy type
stuff and if some of the software can
eat that that's a pretty big slug of
extra you know budget that's available
for a more efficient product. So I I
kind of agree it's it's finding the
extra money is the thing.
&gt;&gt; Do you not think that consulting
services pie actually goes up? I think
one of the most uh profitable categories
right now is your accentures on the
implementation and integration of some
of these systems in the largest
enterprises in the world. I tweeted
this. I said I think they will be more
revenue generative than the foundation
model companies in the next two to three
years as they often are in early stages
of kind of cycles but actually I think
that would grow not shrink. N Rory
&gt;&gt; that kind of stuff maybe. Yes. The you
know the consulting to help you
implement AI. Yes. The consulting to
help you you know morph your code base
from Fortrron to blah the a market we've
been looking at a lot is all the
consulting spend around systems
integration. You know SAP Oracle
Netswuite. A lot of that is pretty wrote
stuff and you know it makes coding look
hard and there's a lot of automation
that we think you'll see there. So again
it's the same thing. It's the swings and
roundabouts, places where it grows and
places where you're going to get
scrunched.
&gt;&gt; Listen, we we all need these
consultants, whether they're FDES or
Accenture. We all we all need them,
right? We need I think we need them more
in the age of AI. The only thing that I
find lost in this in the simplistic
version, the argument is they have to be
smarter than they used to be.
They really do. The average agency um I
don't I don't know. I mean I I maybe
I've lost a little bit track of this at
Atlassian but traditionally in the more
enterprise Mike there were a lot of
partner agencies that were helping doing
big deployments right of Jira and
Confluence. I'm sure they had to be
smart, but not quite train the agent
from scratch. Smart. And maybe
Atlassian's a bad example, but I can
tell you only a handful of folks that we
work with are really smart. Like this is
why customer success is dead because all
these B2B companies are trying to
convert their CS teams to FDES. And I
don't think even 10% of them can do it.
They can't really be like product
engineers. They don't need to code. So,
I wonder if we have enough consultants
out there to really do this to to to
fully f to fully uh lubricate the
&gt;&gt; I like the argument that we're heading
into the death of consulting because
we're going to run out of consultants.
&gt;&gt; The ones that will do the ones that are
smart enough
&gt;&gt; we'll have to make a new factory.
&gt;&gt; Mike's taking no prisoners here. Okay,
it's open season. Okay, but the thing
that's going to stop that is look, their
economic incentive with the software
provider is to make this adoptable by
ordinary people. If the only people who
can roll out your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are wizards, then
you're going to run out of wizards and
then you're going to run out of revenue.
So have mass adoption, you're going to
need mass simplification. We will build
those guardrails, right? We do most of
our customers deploying agents. The
agents that they deploy themselves when
they start are relatively simplistic.
They are small automations and pieces of
software that make some business process
go a little quicker. And you could
argue, well, it's a very minor
improvement. I said, no, but it's a
major leap in their learning, right? and
they're learning and they're controlling
and they're letting them out slowly and
they're getting understanding what they
can and can't do as the technology
improves and as they find more business
processes that they can automate with
software right we can call it an agent
we can call it whatever we want but like
that's a pretty normal I would say
corporate adoption pattern and we're
super early in that cycle right like
these companies are they'll tell you
some sort of fantastic AI story but
they're not like having millions of
agents run right over their bank So, how
do you genuine comment because that all
makes sense to me and I've said this to
guys before is like I think one of my
weaknesses as a VC sometimes I can be
too incrementalist. That makes sense to
me is how I'd adopt it, right? How do
you square that with you know the
the Wall Street VC buzz that you know
the entire SAS industry was meant to
implode in the last two weeks and the
and new company agents are going to take
over everywhere. How do you like I don't
want to put you on the spot on that last
scene in particular, but how do you
unless you want to but
&gt;&gt; on the spot.
&gt;&gt; Okay, come on. Rory, put put him on the
spot. Rory, come on.
&gt;&gt; 24 years of being on the spot. It's
&gt;&gt; okay. I just didn't want to be rude to
our guest, but I'm game. Yeah.
Genuinely, how do you respond to pe like
how do you respond to the madness of the
last three weeks where people were like,
you know, the entire software industry
is going away and being replaced by AI?
Because my LPs are asking me, how do you
think about SAS today? Which, you know,
what's your what's your thoughts on
that?
I I look I've said a few times I don't
think software is dead. I think software
is alive and kicking. Um I think it's
confusing to a lot of people in the
software industry and maybe that's
normal. Like to take the most generous
view. Will every single software and SAS
company make it through the next 5 to 10
years? Absolutely not. Will a lot of
them continue to grow and prosper
through that 5 to 10 years? Absolutely.
Is that any different to the last 10
years? No. I keep saying internally the
competitors we had in 200 the
competitors we had in 2005 and 2010 and
2015 I went and pulled all these old
documents a whole bunch of those
companies don't exist they've been
merged acquired gone out of business
right and we have a set of competitors
today that are are new and upcoming and
we have to compete with those that is
the history of the technology industry
and that's going to keep going the idea
that software as a category is dead is
ludicrous to me I'm like wait a second
it it's very efficient for businesses to
buy pre-anned solutions of technology.
They don't write everything with
assembly and they probably still won't.
&gt;&gt; But can I throw in one one micro
thought? Do we have my I view Atlassian
and I'm just a student. I I I didn't
found it as above the fold. And what I
mean is um you're not seeing seat
reduction product and engineering is a
beneficiary of AI spend right and
whether it's vibe coding or however we
mobile we are creating radically more
software than six months ago. like any
curve if you look at for mo like it's
exploding right and at least for a while
I think that benefits Atlassian because
I need more tools right I need to track
more issues more tickets more everything
I think there's plenty of other spaces
that are being that are being decimated
employ I mean if your traditional
support software like zenesk the the old
zenesk is growing 0% like we are cutting
humans and to go to Rory's point I think
there's some folks that are above the
fold and there's there's a few that like
anthropic that are so far above the fold
We need to figure out how to scroll
above the top of the monitor. But I
think more are below the fold. More are
seeing hits. And I actually think
product and engineering is is an island
of stability today. No one is the idea
that I you maybe you see teams with
fewer engineers. But when I walk into
leaders, you know, I was at Replet the
other day at 300 million in revenue, 300
people. It's it's there's like 11 people
in go to market. It's probably like the
old days at Lassian, right? But a lot of
engineers like they're not shrinking the
size of their engineering team, but
everything else looks pretty lean.
&gt;&gt; Look, we're product and engineering and
software teams is a significant part of
our business, right? 40% it's a big part
of our business. Um
service in general is a big part of our
business. So your argument about Zenesk
service collection is a very large
business. It's our largest atscale
business growing very fast, faster than
the overall company. Um and that is IT
service management, HR service
management is like our fastest
functional area, right? Going inside
there, financial service management,
just general employee service
management. We just shipped a customer
service offering uh in October. So like
we're waiting into those waters. This is
crazy, right? This doesn't make any
sense. No, the business is growing
really really well, right? We have to
provide that software layer that makes
that cheaper. There's no doubt about
that, right? like that's that's our job
to do. I think the
generalized view that customers are
going away in these times like certainly
for some businesses yes you can say that
like some software businesses the
industrywide phenomenon which I think is
what Rory was asking doesn't make any
logical sense to me right and again
we're either an example of the whole
industry or we are somehow
unique and people to argue one or the
other depending on the point they're
trying to make. So it's very difficult.
The one point I would make is again
we're accelerating our cloud revenue
which is a 26% quarter growth rate at
well north of 56 billion at the moment
and we grew our RPO by 44%. Right?
That's also accelerated for the third
quarter in a row. Now what is RPO? That
is customers who are buying $3 million
worth of software for 3 years something
like this. two two million of that goes
into our our balance of the future,
right? We book a billion dollars in
revenue. Ultra simplistic CFOs and
accountants. I understand how it works,
but that's a close enough proxy. Those
others are customers making three-year
bets. And so now we have people arguing,
ah, but in year four it's all going to
fall apart. And I'm like, really? Like
&gt;&gt; I think
&gt;&gt; these customers aren't stupid
&gt;&gt; comments. One is because of the um what
we call them the um AI and open AI and
entropic. We now all are experts on RPO.
So everyone has everyone knows RPO now.
Turns out once you once someone signs
100 billion in RPO, everyone has to
figure it out. But going back to your
comment, first I want the software word
is overused because you're right. The
people owe it's the death of software.
But on the other hand, we're going to
talk in a while Harvey just raised a
wonderful sum of money at a high price
and that's clearly software. So software
is dead is a stupid statement, right?
And we should discard it, right? But on
the other hand, your comment, yes,
there's always an element of change and
you know, if you look at your
competitors every 5 years, you know,
some folks go to the wall. The argument
here would be somewhere in the middle.
It would say when technology doesn't do
a step function change, you probably
have an organic death rate of 5 10% a
year because that's the way capitalism
works and the winners like you guys come
to the top. But every 10 or 15 years
there's an architectural shift in
software, right? where it just gets it
just gets so new that instead of being a
5% death rate, you go through a two-year
period where there's a 50% death rate.
I'm just picking numbers out of my ass,
right? And and that at least is a
credible discussion. And so to make it
kind of tactical to you, do you think
that the software you guys write with
LLMs is quantum different than what you
did before or do you see it as a step
function change in the kind of software
you make or just an organic progression?
Do you Does that make sense?
&gt;&gt; It's it's both. It's both. So, so the
way that we are building software, and I
think the irony is often forgotten here,
that apparently we're some sort of
cavemen sitting around just banging on
clicky clacky keyboards and writing
assembly code and we haven't figured out
that LLMs are pretty good at writing
code and can speed us up. We got 10,000
people in R&amp;D. This is amazing, right?
I'm like, sweet. We can build a lot more
stuff a lot better. Do we have some
pockets of the company where people just
sit and claude code all day every day
and write cool stuff? Yes. But I don't
know there are many software companies
probably sitting around in their R&amp;D
department still working the old way,
right? Some won't make it fast enough.
Totally agree with you. You have to
build new things. Some of those will
work. Some of those probably won't work.
And I don't think it's like it gets very
simplified in people's minds that like
you're just bolting on AI features. I'm
like no, I'm building I have a very very
large team at this stage building an
entire substrate of context and search
and chat not to sell but because I have
to. And I have a very large
infrastructure team at this point
managing AI costs. Right? You guys all
went on about inference cost. It's going
to crush us, etc. I'm like, actually,
it's going the other way, right? Our
inference costs are going down. And
we're very good at adopting new models,
but we're also good about knowing the
features that need the old models that
get very cheap. Some of our features are
a thousand times cheaper to run than
when we introduce them today. And the
feature still works really well as an AI
feature. So guess what? We're good at
optimizing infrastructure, right? Our
cogs has gone up or rather cogs has gone
down, right? Our gross margin has gone
up last six or seven quarters and we've
deployed a lot of AI, right?
&gt;&gt; My question is then like are we just
throwing the babies out with the bath
water because we've got your Mondays,
your duos, your work days, your hubspots
that I mean like this is real. I'm just
trying to understand
like should I just call it quits and
sell my Monday and my duo and just
accept defeat like they ain't coming
back or like they coming back.
Mike, we have a brilliant saying on this
show. Rory always says it wonderfully.
Harry says that's great, but um what
what about me? I'm like help me out
here. I'm looking at all my positionist
manage his portfolio. It's a living.
&gt;&gt; That's right.
Well, apparently AI can just AI just
listen to this podcast repeatedly and
it'll do the trading for you and you'll
be fine. I think look, there's no doubt
we have a sexual rotation out of
software, right? Um
uh been on many many therapy calls with
many software CEOs and other things like
it's it's tricky to understand how that
changes and rerates and everything else.
I would say in my view that's
definitively fear driven at the moment
and fear overrides it. Generally fear
comes from somewhere real as well
though, right? Like so will every single
one of those names be bigger in 5 years
time than today? It's probably pretty
hard to say. If you list a basket of 20
companies, they will all do that. Will
the overall average be higher? I would
argue yes. The feard driven sort of
average software price at the moment is
there. But also you get all sorts of
financial effects like people are buying
chips. You know the software versus semi
charts been around a lot, right? Like
it's this thing. And guess where those
chips are going? Well, these chips are
going into data centers to make AI
inference to do all sorts of wonderful
APIs and eventually that's delivered
through applications at some layer and
we're working out where the the profit
stack and the revenue stack gets
redistributed as we talked about
beforehand.
&gt;&gt; Maybe I've got my Atlassian numbers
wrong. Forgive me, but Elastian had a
pretty good quarter. I know Mike
probably doesn't want to talk about
this, but somehow we got down it. But
Alassian's growing 23% and RPO is up
44%. Right? That's pretty good. Okay.
But more importantly, and I don't want
to put Mike on the public, it's
accelerating. Okay, Elastian is doing
better. The problem with so many peer
companies and these are the best founder
companies. Almost all the public SAS and
BDP are founderled, right? Very few are
is they're not they're not they're still
decelerating. And how long do you get in
my the LLMs are open to everybody? You
have a year. You know, Claude 35 37 were
really good. Like you've had seven
months since then. Do you get 12 months?
Do you get 18 months? It's like how long
do we give you to recapture some growth
and some revenue from the AI revolution
because it's Atlassian's got this layer
but it's also got growth. If you if you
spent the last year with 50,000
engineers building all this this great
stuff and now your growth is in the
teens maybe heading down to 10%. I mean
better cos than me but that's the one
where Rory I think you should tell your
LPs you're worried and it's more of the
public folks have seen no reaceleration
than have more of them have seen
persistent deceleration go and we're
going to see more this quarter and I
wish it wasn't the case my life would be
better if it wasn't my life would be
better if SAS was on autopilot like it
was through 2022
but you got to show me the money in 2026
at some point all that all that uh
infrastructure spend goes to inference
has to go to software like it's got to
go down and you've got to show you've
got to show a connection to that spend
or you you may not have a reason
&gt;&gt; presumably if you look at history some
of that goes to
new companies that arrive right
&gt;&gt; you nailed it I was actually said you're
exactly right is that the problem with
looking at the overall SAS growth rate
now is we haven't add any good ones to
the top of the funnel right so we're
gradually so the the the survivor growth
rates going down because you know we
looked at this once And it was 30% for
about a decade and a half. But when you
went into it, that's because anyone who
goes to your to your point, Jason, when
you go below 10, you get you get the red
card. You're sent off. You're told, you
know, you go off DCF PE land, but they
were dropping another one in at 60%
growth on the top, right? So it stayed
roughly 30% median growth rate for a
decade and a half, and now there's been
nothing good coming in. So, you know,
you're just seeing the bad side.
&gt;&gt; And in fact, you've you've had a lot
more. I would argue there's a whole
series of phenomenons. Maybe it's a
great post to to break apart. Software
IPOs for the last 5 years have not been
a category of new companies introduced,
right? And to be fair, if you go talk to
a Figma employee, my friend Dylan's
having a fun time over there. They're a
good example of a company who's like, I
think they're going to do great in the
current environment, right? But you're
probably not setting an example where a
lot of other private company CEOs, you
had Cliffy on a little while, another
good friend of mine, actually lives like
two blocks down that way. you know, he's
he's a little bit less motivated having
seen what's going on, right?
&gt;&gt; I wouldn't be rushing today to IPO
there.
&gt;&gt; Well, number one number one factor is
you don't have those 60 70 80% growers
that take the average up, right? Because
you've got you do have this one. Number
two, you've had private equity and again
a totally valid part of the capital
markets come in and hoover up a ton of
companies over the last 5 years, right?
I'll give you an example. In co in 2020,
we formed a group of SAS CEOs. I think
there were 16 of us that got together.
We'd meet on Zoom every single week,
right? At one stage, 10, 11 of us were
public, maybe more. We all had earnings
calls and, you know, it was a really
good therapy group for a while. I think
it's like me, Eric from Zoom, Aaron from
Box, Toby from Shopify. That's it. That
we're all that's left, right? Because
almost all of them have been bought by
private equity or big tech. Big tech's
getting a lot better at buying stuff
historically, right? Like, so all of
these phenomenon lead to this weird
average
system and you have companies going p
staying private a lot longer, right?
They've got a lot more capital, right?
Poor Cliffy Mel Campbell would have gone
public a lot longer in an old era. They
don't need to nowadays as much, right?
The stripe guys, same thing. But that
means when you look at a public company,
you're like almost seeing this like the
the survivor bias of not small enough to
get bought by private equity, not large
enough to get bought by big tech, no new
companies coming in. I don't it's hard
to work out what that average should be
actually, right? Um but that's not
saying that's not happening. I think
this is where these are all a set of
forces that are happening
simultaneously. We will see how much
this case cuz there's one more effect
that we're not talking about which is
some of those SAS companies and again
people have argued it's us and we're
like wait a second uh that that that 44%
RPO growth is not coming from people
paying $20 off Google ads. Um, some of
those have been affected also by the
changes in like marketing channels and
other things that AI have talked about
that isn't again I would argue if you're
a multi-deade company you get used to
this right you've you've moved your
marketing to Tik Tok or some other way
of the business model right and you get
these chasms in marketing that have
opened up some of those have also become
a lot more challenged
&gt;&gt; um so there's a lot of different forces
happening here right it's often
oversimplified by people fundamentally
though software customers are they going
to buy more in the future Yes,
&gt;&gt; we mentioned that new companies bringing
enterprise value and expanding budgets.
Harvey, we mentioned that raised in
December raised $200 million at an 11
billion price. It must be quite nice
though every month to fund raise. It's
just like a nice hit of like ego, isn't
it? Um, another $200 million from
venture investors. Um,
&gt;&gt; a nice bunch of secondary.
&gt;&gt; Nothing wrong with that. It drives a lot
of this is secondary. It drives a lot of
it.
Okay, let's let's talk about this. How
do we think about this deal? They're
going to end the year supposedly at
close to 600.
Um the growth is pretty phenomenal from
200 today. Um how do we think about
this? First of all, let's just pick the
obvious point. It was fun that it
happened this week because if you think
of what also happened this week is
Claude Code produced a plugin and what
13 plugins and one of the plugins was
the legal plugin and that's one of the
things that's alleged to have caused the
SAS apocalypse. Oh my god, the old
school vendors Thompson Reuters and some
of these guys declined, right? While at
the same time a company who if you
squint one way is just quote unquote a
GPT rapper you or a Claude Code rapper
raised $200 million at 11 billion. So
literally this the the kind of whiplash
in terms of the thinking here is
hilarious right I think all software is
dead except this software which is
pretty close to the plugin from Claude
but at the same time it's worth 11
billion so it just work so a fair amount
of inconsistency there in the worldview
right I don't think so that's just worth
pausing on other than that I think it's
all a look we've discussed it's actually
very similar to the discussion who had
an open evidence this is the killer this
is the lead company in the AI for law
firms space. Obviously, Lora is number
two. They're both killing it. You're
seeing mass adoption. And the
million-dollar question, and you know,
you you you cited what you think they'll
do at year end. All you know for sure is
what they're doing today at 190 million
a year. The question here is total time,
right? In other words, can you compound?
If you can compound for three or more
years at this kind of rate, you'll do
amazing. And if you top out based on the
number of you know amlaw lawyers in the
US which isn't as large as you'd think
you could find yourself time constraint
and that's the bet because they're
clearly going to get arbitrary number
60% of the market share with Lora
getting 40 I don't know 50 something
like that. So it's really a question of
how big is the TAM and when do they hit
it?
&gt;&gt; If they're going from 200 to 600 in one
year so that's tripling. If they're
magically able to double the next year
to 1.2 two, we're paying 10 times
two-year forward revenue, right? It it's
uh for an asset that uh unlike
Atlassian, I can't go buy it. So,
there's scarcity on top of it, right? I
just think we have to give up on TAM. I
think we have to give up on the I think
we just have to let the revenue show us
the path to TAM. But, if the numbers are
there, I think I think if Harvey does
200 to 600, it showed us the money on
TAM,
&gt;&gt; right?
&gt;&gt; So, so why do you think we should give
up on TAM? Just because it goes from 200
to 600 doesn't mean we should give up on
town
&gt;&gt; because of it's a reason to say no.
You got because if if you're generating
it's a reason to say no to data bricks
growing 56% at 5.5 billion right or 65%
65% at 5.5 billion right you just uh
sometimes you got to lean into it if you
want to make money at least
&gt;&gt; I don't know TAM is a I've always
struggled with the concept of TAM right
because our whole job in technology is
to change TAM actually like if you think
about it that the TAM of technology has
changed as a whole for 50 years I think
Harvey is a is a fantastic fantastic
business, but let's not forget if
anyone's been involved in legal
proceedings or court cases or even just
dealt with a lot of lawyers, they're not
an efficient part of an industry, right?
And they deal with a lot of text. So,
you'd argue that there's a ripeness to
do that. And credit to this this
company, maybe maybe Harvey is a GPT
rapper, but you know what? They're a GPT
rapper that's got a product that their
customers like. They've got a go to
market model that's clearly working in a
market that probably doesn't have a lot
of competition to start with. Good job
building a piece of technology that
customers want and hence a valuable
business whether it's worth 11 billion
or whatever. Okay, great. But like it's
growing 300% a year at 190 AR fantastic
business.
&gt;&gt; Totally agree. I want to come back in
two things. One is because I realize as
I replay it I was using the word GPT
rapper as a third I didn't that's not a
phrase I would use. It was a phrase that
was applied to the sector and then
people simultaneously were doing this
and I'm pointing out the dis you know
the the the divergence you can't it
can't be bought at the same time. I
think that you know you you can't people
are you know if you're doing a deal like
this and I think it's an amazing deal
and we have a deal in a related space. I
I don't buy the GPT rapper Appalation is
my point. I don't think it's a useful
phrase. Right. My point was um it was it
was wonderful and funny that it happened
the same week that Claude was deemed to
be able to annex the entire legal market
just by issuing a plugin. Right. So my
point is those were two different
contradictive ways of looking at the
world.
&gt;&gt; Oh entire entirely agree. And I think
what I was sorry I was trying to poke
fun at the GPT rapper. Right. If
Atlassian's just an orchestrator of
humans, right? All of software is just a
process rapper. We take some business
process and we deliver a better UI to do
that or a way to repeatably do said
process and we we make money doing that,
right? Is Harvey got a s has Harvey got
a sustainable competitive advantage that
will just be eaten up? That is entirely
I assume what their leadership team is
sitting about thinking is like we've got
customers and distribution and that is
in itself an advantage, right? Like
those customers presumably are pretty
sticky right now. Do they keep adding
value to their customers with more GPT
wrapping or do they add more and more
bits of the legal process into the UI
into the technology? I suspect that's
exactly what they're doing and that's
what they're getting paid for, right?
&gt;&gt; Any law firm can pick up anthropic and
go build their own Harvey. Are they? No.
&gt;&gt; But but I think I think the important
question to ask is like risk adjusted
and opportunity cost adjusted. Is this a
good place to put my dollars? And when
you go back to Jason's argument, I'm
totally with you and I'm not [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on
them at all, Mike. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me. I've created
a podcast. These guys have created $600
million at the end of this year. So, who
the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] am I to throw shade? But like
ultimately, I can put my money in
Atlassian today, which respectfully is
is obviously, as you know, down to very
low levels, unfairly priced, brilliant
business. Um, and I can put my money
there today, or I can put my money in
Harvey, which needs to triple and then
double, and then I pay 10x. That
&gt;&gt; and I to I totally agree. I'm not
arguing whether you should put a dollar
in A or B. um and and there'll be
mispricings up and down the stack,
right? I'll give you an example from
history, which I'm sure the Excel guys
wouldn't mind. So, when the Excel guys
invested in Atlassian, right, was all
secondary. They put 60 million bucks in
2010. Uh and they bid highest of the
five VCs, can I just say they're also
the nicest and had the onepage term
sheet and all sorts of other things. But
when they put in that, we I now we have
their model. We've known them 15 years.
Rich just stepped off the board in
December after 15 years of amazing
service, right? Well beyond Excel's
investment. Um and they're legendary
people as far as I'm concerned. Their
expectation was that Jurro would grow
and confluence collectively I think 30%
the year after they invested then 20%
then sort of peter out at 15%. So by
2013 instead we did 50 60 70 or
something and they were like what and we
are still growing Jura at faster than
their 3year terminal rate 15 years
later. Now are they stupid and did they
get the TAM wrong? No. The business just
was a lot better than than they even
they understood. They were trying to get
two to three times their money. They
made a hundred times their money. And
like, but that's a success. You're
looking back at a success example,
right? That they probably did a bunch of
those deals that didn't work around us,
right? Um, it's very hard to predict
what the management team of Harvey are
going to do in building out their
business over the next some years. So I
assume the smart people that are putting
this money in believe that management
team can build a business that gets to
on current SAS rates 11 billion they'd
have to be what
four times forward revenue to like 4
billion in revenue or something three
billion in revenue
&gt;&gt; because just to take your two I I think
your comment is correct as the entre but
I also think Harry's comment was correct
as the investor because look when you're
talking about companies that are raising
at 11 billion there's no useful sentence
that says this is a bad company. They're
freaking amazing companies. But as Harry
points out, we're not here to say,
"You're amazing cuz you built a big
company. The Harvey team are amazing cuz
they built a big company. I didn't build
a big company. I'm not amazing on that
dimension." But in terms of capital
allocation, you have to say to yourself
and compare the two scenarios. You were
a profitable company. Excel stick in 60
60 million. You know, my guess is the
revenue multiple well sub 10, right?
growth rate. You know, thinking back, I
can tell you what it wasn't. You know,
it like what we got? Harvey's at 190 AR
now. 11 billion. That's 50 times. I can
tell you it wasn't 50 times, Mike.
&gt;&gt; No. No. I was going to say it was
probably 10 to 12 times forward revenue,
but we were an unusual company. We're
like 50 mil in revenue with 20 million
profit or something.
&gt;&gt; And and that's a deal that outperformed
on the growth rate. And as a result, as
you say, a 3x became a 50 to 100x,
right? And then when you look at another
deal where you're paying, you know, you
just got to say to yourself, you're
paying 50 times run rate revenues. It's
growing much faster than you were
growing at the time. And then how do you
to Harry's point, how do you think about
the risk return on that, right? And it
boils down to you just have to have you
were able to beat their model by just
growing a 30% instead of 20, right? What
do you have to do to beat the model when
you're paying 50 times? The answer is
you have to peg that growth rate at well
north of three 400% a year for three or
four years.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, I can't agree with the math.
&gt;&gt; If you do then it works.
&gt;&gt; The only thing I I I would just add
&gt;&gt; that's worked every time so far is just
&gt;&gt; that's the point. Go.
&gt;&gt; Sorry. Just on the TAM thing. What I
mean is that listen when we started this
podcast I was actually fairly skeptical
of AI replacing humans. Not because I
didn't think it would happen when I
started vibe coding but because I
thought too many VCs talked out of their
rear. Oh, you know, we're going to
replace AI is going to destroy all jobs.
And I thought, this is a bunch of people
who haven't done any any work. Are they
just reading Twitter all day? But my
mind has changed over time is and and so
what I mean is when you look, it's not
going to be true in all categories. But
when you say, listen, there's 200
billion a year spent in the US on
nonpartner lawyers, associates and
parallegals. 200 billion a year. Okay?
You can, six months ago, you could say
it'd be ridiculous to think Harvey's
going to make a dent in that. Maybe it's
not ridiculous now. And so if that
growth stays, if it stays, if it can
literally grow at the pace it is, what
you're seeing is it's happening. It has
to come to Rory's prior points, it can't
come out of the legacy software budgets.
It can't come out of the old the old TAM
for Bitbucket or whatever or legal
software of the old days. And so my
point is it it's not all going to prove
itself. Some of these will flame out,
but that amount of growth is
spectacular. It's it's spectacular. and
and and and at some point like anthropic
you prove it like the growth is so
stellar you have proven that you have
captured a mass amount of TAM that was
uncapturable before and so as an
investor I would just put my money in at
some point right
&gt;&gt; agree what you watch I I totally agree
let me make the argument against not
because I think it's correct but because
it is the other argument I you know I
sat there as an investor thinking about
it what if you look at they have 200
million 190 million in revenue right in
ARR 100,000 active users That's 2K per
active user, right? That's under what
West Law gets from from a lawyer. That's
not replace the labor revenue. That's
nice next generation tool revenue. Do
you understand me? Right. And if so
today there and the point is if you're
only getting 2,000 times a lawyer and
there's, you know, five there's 1.3
million lawyers in America. Some of them
are in house. Some of them do weird
things like patent that can buy Harry's
product. There's four or 500,000 lawyers
that are in, you know, am law big law
people who would be a buyer for this.
You know, it's a billion billion two
marketplace. If you're only getting two
grand per head, the mat won't work. Now,
Mike's right. In the end, my point is
this, and this is why I get back to
Harry saying to make this a big ass
company, you have to take that two grand
and turn it into five grand and 10 grand
per lawyer by by eating the work, right?
And then you, you know, time expand and
it's doable. Well, Mike's right. The
whole last 50 years has been software
does more.
&gt;&gt; I don't think it's going to be true,
Jen. I think it's because this is what
I'm already seeing. It's not that. It's
50 to 100 because you get rid of the
humans. All of the agents that now
listen, we're in a weird niche, but I
can tell you because I know the GTM
agent category really well. I know
everything. They're all 50 to 100 grand
because you get rid of the people. And
so if you compare a pipe drive or you
know a Trello clone for CRM in the old
days for eight $12 to an agentic product
that gets rid of humans I'm not saying
for sure this is what happened to Harvey
but 50 to 100 grand if you can get rid
of half of your associates or two-thirds
of your associates it's dirt and and
you'll just pay it because they won't
quit. They don't want raises. They don't
complain about weekends. Um they don't
have all the issues like our agent
closed you know I mean closed 100k deal
the other day on a Saturday night.
doesn't complain. You know, these
agents, they want they want they want
family lives. These associates and law
firms, you just get rid of them. A 100
grand is nothing. There's two arguments
against what you're saying. One, Mike's
already made, which is this, which is if
we can make more software, we're not
going to get rid of those humans and the
coordination problem. We're just going
to make more software, have the same
number of humans, and have the same
coordination problem and keep buying
Atlassian stuff. So, the same argument
in law here. Maybe you just automate
more. No, it's totally different. We we
are building more software than ever and
we need the humans and no one is
reducing their engineering team. No, the
world is so competitive today. You can't
wait every four years for a release like
the old days. You're pushing content. So
So that cate every other category may
shrink that. Okay, that's that's
coherent at least. What you're saying is
if you're selling to engineers No,
seriously, because we've talked enough
that we know what we're going to say.
You're right. What you're saying is
every engineering category in software
won't be cut. will use the tills to just
make more software but every
non-engineering area like law like a
SDRs could be automated away so the
headcount goes down there that's
&gt;&gt; I think every category that I know of
outside of engineering and product is at
existential risk of shrinking seats you
workday said it um everyone else is
saying it we're seeing subst I mean
workday just founder had to go back they
said they said even at workday we're
seeing headwinds on seats because people
just aren't hiring across the for you
know the Fortune 500 like they used to.
They're seeing but but but we are in a
renaissance of software. We are building
so much software. It is it is
unbelievable.
&gt;&gt; I think it's fascinating that on this on
this podcast the product and engineering
firms are going to win. So we're a
winner. We're above the fold which I
love that as well. This is that in
itself is an old school term Jason. The
fold doesn't exist anymore.
&gt;&gt; I know. But I think listen
&gt;&gt; but I think Zoom I mean HubSpot and
Monday even Zoom are below the fold.
&gt;&gt; Mike still has the floor.
&gt;&gt; Well well a few things. Firstly, your
holiday party with your lack of belief
in humans is going to be amazing, right?
You're sitting around drinking wine with
all your agents that are going to be
super fun holiday party, right? I'm
really looking forward to it. I want to
see the pictures.
&gt;&gt; Get drunk and make an ass of themselves
if they're all agents. At least we won't
be but managers there. But
&gt;&gt; I like humans. Humans are fun to hang
out with, right? We we're going to need
a lot of these people. Um I I think
there's
there's a lot in Harvey that's
fascinating. The question is two two
things. One, legal firms generally bill
time. So, it's it's hard for them to
increase their profit margin by billing
more and less time. So, I don't know how
that affects this particular industry.
I'm not an expert at all on on on
legals, but I'm just saying there's some
interesting their pricing, right? I
don't know how legal services are going
to be valuebased priced or something.
They're literally the ultimate selling
of ours um photocopying and all that
sort of stuff. So, we'll see how that
works for the billing model and maybe
Harvey helps them with that or doesn't
help them with that. Secondly, I think
you'll
I like to think about things that are
demand or supply constrained, right? Is
a particular function input or output
constrained and that makes a big
difference in how I think AI will be
applied to it. It's one of the
interesting schemas to put to it. So,
you've talked about customer service or
legal. I would argue those are input
constraint domains. All right. I have a
whole lot of fantastical lawyers at
Atlassian in-house council, you know,
group. their input constraint because if
I make them more efficient or if Harvey
makes them more efficient, they can't
like create more legal problems. There
is a certain set of problems. Just like
customer service, your customers ask a
100 questions a day. You need a certain
amount of service to help them out.
Well, if you have twice as many
customers, you'll probably have 200
questions a day. So, it is it's it's
based on some other ratio. The
difference with something like software
or engineering is it's creation, right?
It's how much can you make, right? the
the road map is never finished. You can
keep creating more. So some domains in a
company have like a constraint on the
input is fixed and you're doing a
certain amount. Now sales and marketing
are kind of in this middle ground which
is fascinating because ostensibly sales
is sort of input constrained by a TAM
but you can build new products and new
ways of going to market. So I don't know
we we sometimes jump across these
categories and it's not super helpful
because they're very different in
&gt;&gt; I think genuine that's super helpful
because I remember when we were looking
at the systems integration automation
category one of the things that we
realized and you got to in a second and
it took us a few days is like if we
automate the process of installing SAP
installing Salesforce installing
Netswuite it's not like the company's
going to buy two helpings of Netswuite
because it got cheaper they're just
going to spend less money doing And
those are inherently less magical
markets than you know the stuff where
where the intelligence allows just whole
new things to come. I think that input
output thing is actually a very useful
way to think about where the magic
upside might be.
&gt;&gt; But we but AI may also let us have more
more inputs right like for example when
when we when I mean we're like one of
the few organizations of our size uses
agent force. Okay. But we ran an
experiment. Mark said use agent force to
go after the leads. it's no not worth
anybody's time to do, right? Because
that that is and so we did that. We
unleashed Asian force on all of our
leads, everyone to come to an event, to
sponsor us, do anything that that it
wasn't worth a human's time to come back
and it worked. And that's like radically
more inputs. That's like five to six
times more inputs. And there's a lot of
lawy legal things that aren't worth
taking to your lawyer. Like I can't wait
4 days for a sales contract to be
reviewed. I can't do this. And there may
be Jevans paradox or whatever in every
category. Like it may explode. And like
we've all have terrible customer support
so often, but when you have a magical
customer support experience with AI or
human, you want more of it. Like you'll
consume mass. Like I if I could get help
all day long with a product, I would be
in that agent all day long. Like helping
me helping me vi not just Vibe code vibe
use my product. So we made Jeving every
every category.
&gt;&gt; Go Jean.
&gt;&gt; Customer support is one I just cannot
get my head around. And I I know that
sounds ridiculous and and very uh basic,
but when you look at the sheer number of
players have been funded to huge
extremes and we saw Sierra's 50 million
plus quarter taking to over 150 million
there are now. Um it kind of I thought
of that straight away when we're
thinking about net additive versus
replacing things. Is this eating
Zandesk's lunch? Is this adding new
users that never had customer support
before? Is this taking on jobs that
weren't being done before? How do we
think about that? I'm waiting for Mike
because I didn't know it, but he has a
customer support product coming out.
&gt;&gt; It's already out. It's doing very well.
Um I can't tell you how well it's doing,
but it's doing very well. Um our service
collection business, like our service
collection business could go public by
itself, right? It's a it's a big
business. It's growing. It would have
great numbers. Jason would be writing
great posts on it.
&gt;&gt; Jason says it needs four billion to go
public. Mike, just
&gt;&gt; for a banger. For a banger, Harry.
&gt;&gt; Banger IPO. For a banger IP,
&gt;&gt; get back to the question. Mike, let's
stop.
&gt;&gt; It's it's it's a it's a textualbased
field and and I say that with the
broadest definition of text in that
voice and other things can can quickly
be approximated to text now with AI and
vice versa. Right? So let's assume it's
a it's a conversationbased area. It's
probably
3 to 7% of every business in the world
on service and support. your bank, your
insurance company, your car company,
every company has this. Then you get
internal support and service, right?
Most of the service collection revenue
is on the internal basis, right? Um
Twitter X now whatever has like you know
300 400 service desks running on on on
service collection, right? But that's
not all internal service. So the idea of
any team helping some other team in a
business or any team helping their
customers is ripe for making it
efficient. Right? All the things you
talked about Jeb's paradox is totally
true. But it's also a measurable input
and efficiency play. So I can say I
spend X your product can very easily
make X less. Is the less more or is the
less that I'm the money I'm saving more
or less than I'm paying for your
product? There's high ROI. It's a
sellable thing. We we we go around the
loop, right? I think it's a great
category. Whether the category will grow
or not is a different question. The hard
part is in year two and year three. The
savings are baked into the business. So
you have to be delivering continual
value to the company and and that's
going to be really interesting when we
get through this set of changes in the
service market most broadly. Right? You
got service now and ask and others at at
the top end. You got a lot of legacy
providers out there. There's still tons
of legacy providers of service. And then
you've got lots of customer service
companies. Um, you know, Mark has
ServiceCloud over there. I think some
people still use that. Uh, there are a
lot of tools in this space.
You know, Zenesk probably went private
for a reason.
&gt;&gt; I think uh, Zenesk has says they have
like three or 400 300 million plus of AI
support revenue. It's just the legacy
business. That category is tough, right?
So, so they've got two streams going.
They the agentic pieces exploding. Um,
the only thing I would say on you asked
why why the category is exploding. I
mean, I just think there's it's
interesting there's just two threads
helping for for support. May maybe not
at last, but overall for the for so many
of the players is one um I mean if you
look at pay is it pave? I think that's
how you pronounce it's it's an HR
startup that tracks like 300,000
startups. No category has been more
decimated in hiring than support. No
one's hiring. Like it's radically down.
So that money is going into agentic
products. Okay. traditional support and
then a good a great AI support tool can
do radically more than a legacy tool
like there are like I think software in
the AI age and this is why I think so
many SAS leaders are struggling today
mature ones is there's no more aha
moment there's no more moment when you
walk in and yeah maybe Sierra spent a
month configuring your demo but
literally it answers questions like
you've never seen answered before in
your enterprise you want to buy that
product and most SAS products didn't
change for a decade and we fell out of
the aha moment. And so there's budget,
there's aha moment, and there's like the
most humans were cutting ever. It is a
it is a great moment. And and then the
final point, not to ramble, but we've
talked about it before, but the the
super interesting thing about support is
it becomes a Trojan horse to do
everything else because when that's the
main agent, if that is the main agent
you're working with, you'll start using
it for sales help or for research or for
marketing or for other things. And a
these become more horizontal agents. So,
um, but man, the hiring is, uh, it's
it's over in the space.
&gt;&gt; And bringing it back to Harry's
question, Harry, I think the reason So,
I think we're all saying bluntly, you're
wrong because you were doing the I don't
get this market. I don't know why people
have funded 10 companies. And I think
what you're hearing, I think it's true,
is that it's not a single market. There
are I mean at a high level of you know
people help working with other people
you can say it's all the same but
internal help desk is different than
external help desk. One thing we saw, we
had a prelim AI company that B2B help
desk B2B external support has a
different rhythm than B TOC. B TOC is
lots and lots of small interactions. B2B
you might have a long lived interaction
with multiple people internally in your
if Mike's one of Mike's best customers
has a P1 bug. You don't just have one
person involved. You have yeah six or
seven people involved. You're reaching
across departments. the internal
workflow to manage that help that that
support is very different than you know
thousands of people ringing about you
know how do I change a password
internally or externally how do I get my
ticket to the whatever concert right so
there's differences there there's
difference in company size so I think
actually and then there's difference in
modalities because you got people who
lead with chat you got people who lead
with voice and yeah they're converging
you got people lead with video I I think
that I think there's a lot of different
there's a lot of different submarkets
rather than one big mega market is my
gut
&gt;&gt; and I I think it just like just like
Harvey though there's some interesting
things that it tells us about how AI is
changing the world right I think there's
no doubt that the overall service
category is probably going to have not a
lot of growth in humans let's just say
working in that field however I would
guess and I don't have any stats to hand
it's a very short-term field anyway
right like I know my my sister worked in
in in in telephone banking in the mid
'9s for a bank here, right? And everyone
was there for a year or two. They train
you do it and you move. It was not a
career job. It was it had a high
turnover already. So that's that's
different to like lawyers where they've
done many many years of training and
they've got 40 years of career, you
know. So it's an interesting job field.
It's pretty different firstly. Secondly,
one of the interesting things that we
see both internally, I have a few
examples of agents internally, but I've
got a number of customers have seen it
phenomenon as well, is your AI and your
agents that are helping people to in in
the case of answering a question and
service needs to be much more broadly
thought about than than just customer
service like I lost my wallet in the
Uber kind of stuff. But the AI that's
answering the question is as good as
things you have written down. So some
teams you see are employ are deploying
agents and then writing a lot more
documentation and their documentation is
getting a lot more stepwise because it's
less about the humans reading it then
it's the agent that reads that doc and
then answers the question. So you may
end up with in some areas more writers
and less people answering questions to
get an overall better support response.
Right? We have a lot of examples of this
in a service collection. It the more
knowledge you hook it up to the better
answers it gives. It's sort of logical.
Some businesses don't have all this
knowledge documented because it was in
the heads of the people who did the
service. So that's one interesting
effect of AI probably applies elsewhere.
The last thing I will say is uh agent
service collection is one of the areas
where most agents are deployed right in
terms of AI agents and it's confusing in
service because we talk about human
agents that answer questions and then we
have AI agents that either answer the
question or help the human to answer the
question uh uh faster in the complex
scenarios and B2B especially that
they've already talked about it's far
higher deployed in that category agents
for us of any of our collections I think
it's the highest proportional deployment
The reason is because those agents are
taking actions. So service traditionally
someone's coming in to ask a question.
If you think about HR service management
like can I uh uh take these people out
for lunch when I'm in the Indian office.
I want to apply for leave or parental
leave whatever it is right you're asking
some sort of HR based question. There is
answers to the question yes you can. And
then there is actions taken. Hey I'm
going to go and file this expense claim
or I'm going to go and do that. The AI
and service that's most interesting to
customers often is not we always talk
about the costsaving aspect of it. It's
the ability for it to actually go and do
things to make my business quicker.
Right? If it goes and files the parental
application or it resets your password,
the cononical IT sort of service thing,
the actions that AI can take more
accurately, the automations that we used
to call them, now they're agentic
automations and workflows, that expands
massively, which means you not only get
your question answered, you get your job
done and that business moves a little
quicker.
So your TAM argument, what's the TAM on
that? Like it's not really a thing we
had before, right? About the human
service.
&gt;&gt; It could be better than the humans.
It enables that business.
&gt;&gt; If the whole form gets filled out for
you for parental leave and everything
and I don't have to do anything and it's
all automated, it's be it's better.
&gt;&gt; Totally understand that. Rory, let me
punch back at you, my friend. We, as we
said, live in a resource allocation
world or mindset where we have the
choice to invest in categories and
companies. There have been 14 companies
in the last two years that have been
created that have now raised over hund00
million. You then have traditional
players like Service Now, Atlassian,
Salesforce, the list goes on. Zenesk,
Intercom, I can go on and on and on.
Okay. And then we have the new
generation of very fast and public
companies, Allah navan or Allah airwalls
who are building their own systems. And
there is a generation of technology
first companies that are building their
own customer support systems to deal
with very intricate and complex needs.
When we live in this risk adjusted
opportunity cost world, I don't feel
that is a good place to put your
dollars. When I'm competing against
Mike, Mark, and the 14 companies in the
last two years that raised over hund00
million with Brett from Sierra, I don't
think that's a good place to be
investing. And I agree. I think look we
looked at a number of companies that
were behind Sierra and Decagon and came
to the conclusion that a direct
head-to-head
against those companies when you're an a
smart it's just a little bit too hard
you kind of go there's all the air out
of the room with Sierra at the high end
I think decagon have executed well it's
that classic it's a big market but you
don't in the subsegment you never want
to find yourself third in a sub segment
right that's about you know you you can
be winning in adjacent
section and then you can get unlucky
because the big dog can come in and
decide to annex your adjacent section
and that's just stuff that happens. But
agreed there is going to be overfunding
in all these sectors and you know a lot
of it is we're all trying to pick our
points
and you know and if I if I was to fast
forward in fact I said the same thing if
you look back in five years from now
you'll probably find that one of the
biggest source of errors was oh we
invested in the number one or two player
in this little space here but it turns
out that this little space wasn't a
thing this big space was a thing and the
adjacent competitor just says I now
bundle this in and do it as part of what
I do. You know, suddenly Mike decides he
wants to be king of service cloud and he
just rolls over us because he just, you
know, adds it to every one of his
customers, right? So, I I hear you. I
think that you're trying to pick it. by
the way probably explains I want to go
back to it probably explains the Harvey
financing
because when you have all the dynamics
that you just outlined it's arguable
despite the TAM comment I made it's
arguable that the best risk adjusted bet
and we're seeing it happen is screw it
I'm just going to pay the winner at any
price because if you're in the winner
you can't it's the venture capital
equivalent of you can't get fired for
buying IBM right you can't get fired for
sticking money in with a 1x preference
on the consensus winner, which is why
this market is way more consensus up and
down the stack than it's ever been in
terms of venture. You know, there's not
a whole ton of people trying to be
contrarian out there. There's a whole
bunch I mean, the stat I tell my
partners that blows me away is, and I
probably repeated it in this podcast, is
of the unic newly minted unicorns in Q1
of last year, by Q4, 40% of them already
had one or more up rounds. In other
words, the money is saying once you are
a winner, king make double kingmate,
treble kingmate, pile on top. It's too
hard to pick. It's too hard to pick the
guy at 50 pre that might make it. Just
pile into the guy who's made it. Even if
it's at 12 billion, worst case is a 1x.
&gt;&gt; I think what you're going to be amazed
by is uh every time we get one of these
new technology disruptions, everyone
gets very frothy and yells and screams a
lot. It's going to change the world. It
usually does. That means a lot of
capital is raised and deployed and a
whole bunch of it turns out to be
torched because VCs are very individual
thinkers that they pile into the two
winners and then the next 10 companies
and probably the next 15 and a whole
bunch of those don't really work very
well and it takes five or six years for
us to figure that out. Technology just
changed the world. A handful of winners
are made. A lot of money is lost net
money is made more than lost in the
transition to said new technology. And
this has never happened before. This is
a totally new phenomenon. We're in the
era of AI. Everything's new and
different and you know they're not a
herd of sheep following the potential
next winner.
&gt;&gt; The the the only
&gt;&gt; and will will that will that Harvey
round pay off? To the point of Rory, one
thing that they don't say is a lot of
VCs want the loose on the wall. So when
you walk into the office on the wall is
a nice logo that says, "Oh, you invested
in Open AI. You invested in Enthropic."
Well, if you put money 350 billion,
you're probably not doing the VC thing
of getting on the $4 million round. But
you get the logo on your wall. That's
important, I think, from the VC
marketing point of view, isn't it?
&gt;&gt; Oh, we can put early investor on our
bios if we buy some Atlassian today,
can't we? Is that not
&gt;&gt; That's right. Yeah.
&gt;&gt; early in 2026.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, Mike. That was
&gt;&gt; I feel vindicated, by the way. Thank you
for that, Mike and Rory. I appreciate
that you conceded that I was right on
the customer support argument. It's
awesome. Uh, but I I I would I would
love to finish on on one thing, which is
the Super Bowl ad. I'm sorry. We got to
finish on this. Which got the essay back
from Sam and then the CMO of Open AI
being like betrayal, treacherous, epic,
disaster, whatever the kind of words
were. How did we think about this and
the response?
&gt;&gt; Maybe just I'm going to say what I
think. Let's confirm the facts which was
that I understand it Anthropic ran a you
know no basically they went the ad I
think open eye was going to do one ad
I'm not quite sure what that was again
remind me please then ran an ad trail
that they were going to run an ad that
basically said you know we don't have
ads in our AI we're good you're bad and
they ran that ad versions of that ad and
then open AAI kind of pivoted and ran a
very you know you can just build things
rah ad in the actual Super Bowl. Is that
the kind of chain of events here, Harry?
&gt;&gt; Absolutely. I mean, the chain of events
really is Anthropic ran an series of ads
laughing at OpenAI for having ads.
Slightly ironic in that way. Uh, and
then Sam and their CMO basically came
back with these like epic
tweet the tweet. I think everyone
getting angry is a sure a sure sign it's
hard to say. A sure sign of tension.
Yes. I mean, but actually Brian Kim from
Andre and Hur just did a really good
piece was basically said, "Of course
they're going to run ads. It's a
consumer subscript. It's a consumer
product and less than 5% of consu
consumers ever pony up for for kind of
subscription products. So if you're
going to be the consumer product,
they're going to run ads and that's
Chhat GPT. And if you're going to be the
enterprise product, you're not going to
run ads and that's Claude. 95% of people
watching that game must have gone, what
are these people talking about and why
is this why are we taking away from Bad
Bunny for these morons to talk about
something I don't even know what's going
on. Matt,
&gt;&gt; back to the prior discussion, you know,
when these technology revolutions happen
and everyone pours in the capital and
torches a whole bunch of it. One thing
that does is again unique about this era
is the purchasing of Super Bowl ads to
try to I guess justify ego. I think is
is largely what's going on here. Let's
face it, it's human beings. They've got
a lot of capital, so they make Super
Bowl ads. Again, never happened in the
history of technology before, except
Pets.com. I thought you were talking
about the AI.com. The guy that bought
the domain for 70 million bucks, spent
$8 million on an ad, and then is selling
open claw. And I'm like, that is also a
weird business, but like maybe they're
going to I I Rory's comment that the
what do they call them online nowadays?
The normies, the regular people who just
wanted to watch the Super Bowl are like,
"What the hell is this about next? Give
me the Doritos commercial." No, I and
one thing I've I've I'm getting to know
you, Mike, is it's the way your tone
doesn't change when you move from
fact-based comments to acute sarcasm
with literally no variation in tone.
Takes a while to adjust to, but you're
so right, man. It's like when you said
it's never happened again. We all flash
back to 99. We flash back to crypto.
This is this is classic top of I mean
top of the bubble stuff. you have 200
million bucks burning a hole in your
pocket and you're like, I can I can put
spend five million and be in the
national agenda. I'm in the super.
&gt;&gt; You know why this the ad was weird
though? I'll tell you what was weird
about it for what it's worth is um look
Anthropic is I mean it's I mean it's a
generational generational company. It
changed coding. It changed everything.
But the only place Anthropic is weak is
consumer. I mean I'm one of the seven
people that uses Claude instead of
ChatgPT as a consumer app. Okay. So, of
all the things they could have done in
the Super Bowl, say, you know, the the
the the the the the engineers pal, the
the product guy's buddy, all the things
they could say, how he revolutionized
product creation, they talk about the
one area they fail, which is say we
won't put ads in an app nobody uses for
this use case. So, uh it was some sort
of metad because it's it's it's
advertising for its worst product.
It's nothing but a dig. It makes no
sense. It's like I saw a smart tweet
that made the point, yeah, the the the
redeeming argument on this is
never thought I'd say so. We're actually
not talking to the 95%. It was two
people exchanging signals to each other
and each other's employees in the valley
using $5 million of money to send a
signal, right? And we're talking, you
know, this is Entropic reinforcing their
we are the, you know, we are the
consumer
we are, so we are the enterprise good
guys here. and they're really messaging
to maybe 10,000 engineers they might
want to hire and literally the other 325
million people involved are just, you
know,
and plus our head of safety quit this
week. So, let's mask that over with the
Super Bowl ad.
&gt;&gt; It's all just it's all just possession.
It would be so much cheaper to buy a
billboard on the 101.
&gt;&gt; I I think but it does back to the
original discussion, Harry. I think
what's what's interesting there is it's
a sign of the times. I'm not sure we can
call it a sign of the top. I don't think
that's probably true at all. Um, but
it's a sign of the times. But look, look
deeper at it, right? If you're burning a
billion dollars a week and people are
going to keep funding you, the ads are
cheap. They don't make any difference,
right? Your CMO doesn't have a
constrained capital efficient like
profit eps calculation right now. One
day they will. Right now they do not. So
right now everyone is maximalist.
They're trying to be in every single
category all the time. What's
fascinating is you go to the SAS and
software world, you have financializing
going on a lot because they can't afford
to be maximalists cuz those, you know,
those those pesky public market
investors are making valid questions
around, hey, profitability and growth
and all these things and you have a lot
of categories that are raising tons of
money and don't have that problem.
Hence, you get these ads as one example
of that. That will normalize. It does
every time. I I think we're
automatically assuming that Super Bowl
ads are I'll say frivolous, sign at the
top, not actually effective. Like Wix,
for example, which is obviously
incredibly hit in the public markets. I
spent an hour and a half with their CMO
the other day who's bought six different
Super Bowl adverts over the years. This
year he bought two, one for base 44 and
one for Wix. And he's like, the
impressions that you get from Super
Bowl, the effectiveness of this
advertising channel is immense. I I I
back entirely. I don't think either of
them were like top of market, we got a
billion. I think they were brilliant
uses of capital.
&gt;&gt; Okay,
I I'll answer that and then I want to
come back to Mike's point because I
think there's something more important
in that point. But on your point, if it
was a brilliant use of capital, you'd
see it happen consistently across the
cycle. But in fact, you only see tech
compan
when when they don't have capital to
burn out, marketing is the first thing
that gets a brilliant use of capital in
general. Therefore, what it is is a good
way to spend the marginal dollar when
you've already spent it on everything
else. But I want to come back on Mike's
point because I actually think there's a
more serious point in there. You made a
comment on these guys are not
financialized
and the public SAS companies are
financialized and I think there's a
bigger comment in that and maybe it
applies to you. When I was thinking
about these these fights between public
company, you know, public company and
incumbent and private company next
generation player, I think one of the
biggest things is the public companies
have this constraint of, you know,
having to make EPS, having to grow,
whereas the private companies are in,
you know, as you say, no marginal
costing is taking place and do you think
that impacts public companies in general
ability to compete or do you think it
makes them more efficient?
&gt;&gt; Um, man, so many great topics. Uh
firstly I think Super Bowl ads just just
very quickly Super Bowl ads are priced
that way because that's what people pay.
It's it's a efficient market in Super
Bowl ads surely right. Doritos pay 8
million bucks cuz it sells a bunch of
Doritos. It's a good investment. Is it
like the best use of capital? Probably.
Why do Doritos and beer companies
advertise all the time? So for some
businesses like Wix, I would argue it's
a totally sensible investment. For
others it's completely ego. The CEO
wants a Super Bowl ad so they go bake
one. that ego stuff happens when capital
is not being efficiently spent in a
business, right? And both of these two
things happen in every Super Bowl,
probably in some crypto, whatever. Um, I
think there is an interesting argument
of public companies and maybe why I mean
I know things I shouldn't know, I guess,
but the good public company CEOs are
often founders as you've pointed out a
few times. Um, because you're trying to
take a long-term view and manage the
short term. You are trying to do both.
We have massive investments in AI.
We have to deliver public company
results and that's the job is to do
both. If we just focus on the public
company results part in the very short
term, we will not have a good business
in 5 years time from now because we
won't be investing in building AI. But
that takes usually necessarily away from
something you could otherwise be doing
today. And that's the balance of capital
allocation in any of these businesses.
Right? Microsoft has to do it. Everybody
has to do it. Right? Capital allocation
is not easy.
But a good leader, I think, will
allocate capital to those investment
areas and allocate enough capital and
then tell a story about why that capital
is being invested. Right? We spend a
huge amount of money on R&amp;D. We spend a
huge amount on AI. I would argue if
you're a public company today and you're
not spending a lot of money on
fundamental kind of new R&amp;D around AI
and your product category, you're
probably in trouble. Now, you can't see
that in any public company accounts,
right? It is very hard to actually see
where they are allocating their R&amp;D
dollars. But I would guarantee you a lot
of them are moving more and more and
more towards thinking how is they are
going to change my world. How am I going
to hire in this era? How am I going to
do this? And you have to tell a story to
your investors and your shareholders,
your stakeholders, your employees about
why that's going to make a difference.
Why are you going to be relevant and
competitive in the AI era? Doesn't mean
you need to make a foundational model,
but you have to be relevant and
competitive and and you have to actually
do both. Now Rory, I think you're trying
to make the point that maybe there's a
world where the free capital in the
private markets makes it impossible for
those spends in the public. I I don't I
don't think that's the case. You've had
Adobe's and Microsoft be public for an
awful long time. You have to make tough
choices. You have to make capital
allocation choices. You have to bet on
the future to some extent. And not every
company's going to get that right. But I
don't think that's impossible at all. I
think it's it's what you have to do.
Great answer because yeah, I mean
reading the commentary after your last
result, you know, listing the things
that people bust your chops on and you
they're giving you grief about sockbased
compensation and then you're looking on
the private side and you're like these
guys are doullling out SBC like it's
candy and no one even calculates it,
right? It does feel I mean I'm glad to
see that it's not doing your head in as
we'd say in England. Um but because it
does feel like it's it's two sep. almost
like both teams are playing the same
game but one of them has to play it with
different rules which must be a little
irksome.
&gt;&gt; Uh
yes, but the difference in rules again I
I I've said this to a few people. We're
a better company because we're a public
company. Like we have become a better
business, right? We're better at
forecasting. We're better at planning.
We're better at executing. What we have
to do is not replace forecasting and
planning. Executing for strategy. I
think that's where it gets wrong is
where you just focus on that piece of
the business. You still have
strategically compete and grow and go
into new areas, invest and build things,
right? You absolutely have to do both of
those things. I think managing the
finances of that is is very challenging
at the moment, right? For all the
reasons you pointed out. Totally agree
with the challenge that that that's
going on. Secondly, it's very hard for
investors to see winners in that process
right now. Right? If I say as
generically as possible, I think that's
the challenge, right? is because where
is that money going? What are those
people building? Who are the what is the
talent? What is that likely to change
your strategic positioning with
customers over the next few years that
you have sustainability and durability?
That's very hard to see at this current
time, right? For for for investors,
right? If you look at any list of AI
winners and losers is above the fold,
let's call it, every list is different.
That alone tells you people are like, I
don't know, somewhere over here. That's
our job. That's my I'm not complaining
about that for a second. My job is to
tell a great story about why we're a
winner and then make us a winner and do
both at the same time. And I have to
fund that. That's
&gt;&gt; got to enjoy that. You should be doing a
different job.
&gt;&gt; I love you and I'm so grateful to you
for being a friend, being awesome, being
so good. If the numbers are they're so
good, but the stock price is down so
much, do you think you're doing a good
job telling that story? Then
&gt;&gt; this gets to the CEO scorecard, right?
And and things like this is is we had a
fantastic quarter. Our numbers in almost
every category are great delivery of our
goals.
um the external current time judgment of
the delivery of those goals leading to
future value is not in a good spot.
There's no doubt about that. And we're
working hard to change that. Right? We
have the same business we had a year
ago. We we will still have a great
business in a year and two years. And my
job is to make sure we have a great
business in 5 years time. Look, you've
got the the sort of there's a mental
health aspect of it for staff and things
like this. And then there's a we just
got a lot of work to do. let's let's
let's get back to work and just go do
that, right? And we if we keep
delivering
great results, we're not short in the
Bank of England here, but like at some
point you're like, I don't know, we got
we got to do what we got to do, right?
And you got to also adjust. I said this
in my in my shout out letter. We spent a
lot of time writing our shout out
letter. Like you got to accept reality
as well. Sometimes I see people and as I
said, I do a lot of the moment there's a
lot of sassy therapy going on. Um, one
of the things I've told a few people is,
dude, you just got to accept reality and
then and then go build something. Go do
something, right? You can't pontificate
about the technology journey. Oh, about
creation and everything else. Guess
what? Part of creation is destruction.
You got to go build value for customers.
You got to go build new products and
technologies and services. Like the way
I see it, we're going to create our way
out of this problem. We're not going to
like hide in a hole and like wait for it
to go away. And and part of that is
accepting the reality of what's changed
and also what's changed in a positive
way. That always seems very negative. We
can build things way faster and way
better than we ever have been able to
before. I think we talked on a year ago
whenever that was like if we refounded
Atlassian today with 350,000 customers,
50,000 enterprise customers, couple of
billion bucks in the bank and 10,000
people in R&amp;D and a great distribution
engine to get to all those customers and
deliver new value. you'd be like, "It's
a pretty good starting point to start a
business, right? Like, let's go build
some stuff, right?"
&gt;&gt; You're right, Mike. When you talk about
creating value, we as three VCs know
exactly how you feel. Yeah. We are the
value creators.
&gt;&gt; Just to be clear, it's clear when
Harry's being sarcastic.
&gt;&gt; I would say, I don't know what you think
of your I mean, your your SAS group's
pretty elite, Mike, but I would say
maybe only the best SAS B2B CEOs are
really up for that. A lot of them are
introspecting. A lot of them I I talked
to one that quit at the end of the year
at hundreds of millions of revenue and
said I was told AI wasn't important in
our space. That was that was the goodbye
message. And so uh not everyone has it
in them to go through to to push through
this next wave. Uh maybe only the best
maybe only the best do. May maybe I mean
you're one of the best, right? We don't
have to rank you and
&gt;&gt; and that's okay, right? I think we
shouldn't we shouldn't pass judgment on
that.
&gt;&gt; I totally agree. It's not even the best
at the world. Totally. Look, it's the
same in our industry. Some people
decide, I've done enough, I'm 50. Some
people I've done enough, I'm 40. You
only got one life, right? Someone really
want to go to ballet at 50. I'm totally
with your mic on that one. It's like
actually it's a better call if you don't
have it in you to do it. I actually
admire more the person who says you guys
should get someone else than hanging on
waiting to get the head shot, you know,
and just call it. I mean, you know,
&gt;&gt; I actually agree that's a that's a
hotter call to make, right? That that's
a very difficult decision. in our
business. One partner said to me years
ago, he said, "Our business is a
learning business and the day you stop
learning is the day you should say to
your partners in about a year and a half
you should be replacing me, right?" And
it's just and you know you because you
can't just be sitting here not you can't
take the money and not play the game.
And I agree let those actually so you
should tell those guys who aren't
feeling it. It's really simple.
Congratulations. You've made
life-changing money. You don't have to
do it anymore. Um, how's your number
two? Cuz he's in charge now. I'll bring
back that founder who left. Are you
working harder, Mike, than you have in
the last few years? Are you working
harder?
&gt;&gt; Am I working harder than I have in the
last three years? Yeah. Well,
&gt;&gt; uh, my co-founder, God love him, we had
a whole bottle of wine not before last.
Um,
you know, he retired a year and a half
ago, so that that makes like, you know,
that's a big 20 23 years. Um, uh, and he
has full of gratitude, which is really
nice. He understands, right? That
creates more work. And there's no doubt
the era like, man, I start working at 5
a.m. every day at the moment, right?
&gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. People are working harder now
than they had before. 100% true, right?
Because of the disruption and the speed
and the change and everything. And
that's I think that's not a bad thing.
That's that's a normal thing. That's an
okay thing, right? The question is, do
you enjoy it? And do you have enough
balance? Like again, I am the worst
person to be a therapist to any of these
CEOs and SAS founders, but I I do tell
them like what you're saying, those
people are making the choice is balance,
right? Do you have enough time with your
kids? Do you get out in the trees? Do
you walk around? Do you do some excess?
Whatever it is that's your jam in terms
of balance. Stop doing that for a year
or two. You're going to be in trouble. I
believe like I've done this long enough.
You can't shortcut those things.
Secondly, are you enjoying it? And don't
just tell me yes in one second. Wait,
think. Go away, take a weekend, drink a
bottle of wine, drink a green tea,
whatever is your thing. Are you enjoying
what you're doing? Would you choose this
job again today? Because it's tough out
there. It's going to be hard. Welcome to
the technology industry. If you're not
enjoying it, you know, no harm, no foul.
Go do something you do enjoy, right?
Move to a different arena if you want to
use the, you know, we throw that around
all the time in the tech industry. The
enjoyment is sometimes forgotten in the
the ego, the the need to win, to
disrupt, to to grow, those sorts of
things. Like you said, if you built a
great business, a couple hundred ARR,
whatever it is, that's not a do it
decently. Like, you know, give your team
time, give your company time, make no,
you know, there's a thoughtful way to do
any of these sorts of things. But I
think it should be seen as a mark of,
you know, amazing human achievement to
do that. The problem is if Mike said
that to most of the people I know they'd
quit if they said if you said are you
really enjoy do you love do you love
every minute of your job as founder CEO
are you getting enough time with your
kids are you walking enough if not you
should I'm being a little facicious but
but not completely right but not
completely
&gt;&gt; I'm not I'm not being poland at all
right like there are parts there are
days that suck there are times that suck
but over some average of a 90day one
year Rory's point you got one life right
we we got into We enjoyed creating
things. We enjoyed building teams and
businesses and delivering value to
customers. Not in the tr like way, but
literally sitting down with customers
and seeing what they do with your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]
is awesome. And you're like, man, that's
so cool. Hey, let's go do some more of
that, right? So, you've got to enjoy
that part of the job. It doesn't mean
every part of the day or the job is
going to be easy. It doesn't mean you
don't sit there with your team and go,
"How the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are we going to deal with
this?" Right? These guys are coming over
the wall. But if you don't enjoy that, I
don't know, there's some analogy that
that like every era is going to be
different. The the echoes are the same,
but there's different ways to your point
of learning. You got to learn. You got
to think about how you're going to
compete. You're not sitting there with
bows and arrows if people are coming
with the machine guns or whatever.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. You got to be willing to Exactly.
&gt;&gt; But I do think you can be balanced. I do
think it's important. I actually
&gt;&gt; You think all founders are a little
crazy?
&gt;&gt; Yes.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. How can you be balanced if you're
crazy? Like there's no B like because
you're going to be miserable or bored or
you're not building. Uh you know, I
don't think Elon doesn't look too happy
to me.
&gt;&gt; There are some people
&gt;&gt; I think all the good founders are crazy
&gt;&gt; have unique choice sets. Um
&gt;&gt; that was well done.
&gt;&gt; I think in whatever way you enjoy what
it is that you do and you choose to be
intentional with your own time, right? I
spend a ton of time with my kids because
it's super fun and it's super different
and they're awesome little human beings
and I'm trying to grow them into awesome
big human beings, right? And help them
on on whatever journey they're on. That
is enjoyment. I think it makes me a
better CEO to do that. I don't spend 60
hours a week with my kids, you know what
I mean? They're sleeping and this and
that and other things, but I don't spend
a 100 hours a week at work. Right now,
when we were younger, we did, and that's
the evolution. But you have to learn to
do that. I think if you spend 100% of
your time at work, you make worse
decisions, right? But you have to do the
job, right? And the balance is really
tricky. The intentional time management
is really tricky. Do I spend as much
time with my mates as I used to? No.
Right? We catch up once a quarter. We do
this and that. Like, but so there is
things you got to trade off. All I'm
saying is if you don't do any of that
outside work because you're like this
era I got to knuckle down and do 100% of
this is right now. I don't think that's
sustainable. Maybe that's just not for
me.
&gt;&gt; It's not. Every time I give that speech
to my this era I've got to do. And she
just looks at me and says, "Stop. You're
just going to go insane and then you're
going to become irrational and then
you're going to make bad decisions. So,
we're going for a hike for the next hour
and a half." And I just say, "Okay,
Matt, I'm going." And Harry's moving in
for the kill to tell us we're too old
and we're going to get rolled over by
him.
Well, I I do think that, but that's a
little bit rude. And we have a guest,
Rory, so I wouldn't say that with our
guest, obviously. Uh, no, I uh I
actually have a secret for you, Mike,
which is just work with your great
mates. Yeah, I have become great mates
with Rory and Jason, and I now get
dedicated time with them every single
week. What a joy. Well, I mean, how
lovely.
&gt;&gt; Okay.
&gt;&gt; Anyone's team, any any of the best
things that we've done, and we've had a
series of fantastic leadership teams,
really good friends that I still hang
out with. They had a whole bunch of
them, you know, over the Christmas
period old time Atlassian leadership
team people that came to join us.
They're amazing people. We've been in
various trenches and scuffles and fights
together. We've had some victories.
We've had some losses. Do you get
enjoyment from that part of it, right?
You're winning more than you're losing.
Great. And you go back and you can have
people that you can have a, you know, a
cup of tea with 10 years later. Man,
like we we did a good job there. You
know what I mean? Like there's a part of
the human tribal
getting together that your leadership
team wherever you are in whatever
business
&gt;&gt; has to do
&gt;&gt; that has to be part of your enjoyment
right and you have to create that and
it's hard to create don't get me wrong
like it's it's tricky you can treat
people as employees and mercenaries or
you can say hey we got a challenge to do
and we're a group of people in a room
we're trying to deal with this challenge
we need help we all need help um to to
do that from each other
&gt;&gt; boys thank you so much for
