===================================
Podcast: pomp
Title: The Bitcoin Rotation No One Sees Coming
Date: 2026-02-14
Video: https://youtube.com/watch?v=MDJG-qtmIZY
===================================

 
Guess what? There are 7 billion people
on the planet who've never been able to
partake in capitalism. That is the
positive story for Bitcoin. It's going
to happen so fast that individuals,
companies, governments will not be able
to move fast enough. And that's what's
starting to happen. That's what I'm kind
of looking for is that the risk is for
the next 3 weeks. And at that point,
maybe Bitcoin's down at 40,000 or maybe
it hangs in here and it seems to
rotation. What's going on, guys? Today
we've got an amazing conversation with
Jordi Visser. We recorded this live in
front of a huge audience, 2500 people at
Bitcoin Investor Week this week. Now,
right before Jordy came onto stage, I
was interviewing Kathy Wood and Kathy
was talking about deflation being a big
risk and a lot of the tech stocks or
software companies, how she thought that
the recent pullback in those stocks was
actually something that's just going to
be a blip on the radar. Jordy disagreed
and that was the first thing he wanted
to talk about when he came on the stage.
So, here's my conversation with Jordy
Visser. By the way, before you ask me a
question, I disagree with half of what
Kathy said, so if you want to start
there, we can go there.
&gt;&gt; I trust me, you already have told me
that, so I can't wait. Uh, which parts
do you disagree with?
&gt;&gt; Um, you should have had them just like
battle it out, you know? It been
amazing.
&gt;&gt; No, no, this is really important. And I
mean, I I vehemently disagree
wholeheartedly with this uh COVID
comparison. So, for all of you, your
portfolio is everything. I will I will
tell you a fact. Um AI is not a
temporary thing. So when I hear someone
compare this to CO that would mean this
is just a panic thing. This is not
algorithmic.
So you know if you guys have listened to
our show I have been emphatic about the
fact that by 2030 most of the S&amp;P 500
companies are going to be disrupted. So
I just want you to look up a statement
and this is what I'm going to do on the
weekend. Um Elon Musk
has said that AI is a supersonic
tsunami.
What is happening in the market right
now is exactly that. Software names
can't catch a bid for a reason. They're
making money. This is not about what
they are today. A growth company. And
this will all lead into positive things
for Bitcoin eventually, so don't worry
about it. But um when Kathy talks about
this being temporary, that is a mistake
for everyone whose owns software names.
This is never going away. There are no
winners in terms of winning. The winners
are not public companies. So when Kathy
tells you there are winners in AI, I
don't work for a public company anymore.
I don't work for a company. I chose that
because the power of AI is for
individuals sitting at home. And guess
what? There are 7 billion people on the
planet who've never been able to partake
in capitalism. That is the positive
story for Bitcoin, but everyone has free
intelligence now. Everybody. So, what is
going on literally as we sit here and I
at a morning meeting today, I said to
everyone, Opus 4.6 came out last week. I
didn't have the time last week to spend
with it. Guys, it's five times more
powerful than Opus 4.5, which is what
caused this whole disruption. So we are
speeding up at a point where recursive
self-improvement is happening as we
speak which means the models are
building themselves. So to sit there and
think that there is a public company
with individuals in friction having
worked in it and watch the pantry
conversations with people that don't
work hard this is over meaning this
stuff is real. So the market has to
digest this. It has to go through this.
And I bring this up because this is not
going to change. So the hyperscalers are
at risk. the software companies are at
risk not to collapse cuz they're going
to make money but what is happening in
the market is they are dealing with the
fact that no company now has a moat
their businesses are no longer
defensible and my attraction to Bitcoin
was based on my belief that the only
moat that Bitcoin has is what Mike
Novagrat said it is a community-based
asset that is built on code and the game
of investing money is a game of musical
chairs there's a rotation happening and
people are avoiding everything that's
built on code. They're moving it into
physical things which will continue
because we're in a race to build out the
data center. So, I do not want people
leaving here thinking they can just go
out and buy any technology innovation
name because AI is coming for all of
them and I think it's going to be a long
long road for a lot of these software
companies over the course of the next 5
years trying to deal with this.
&gt;&gt; Google I think was mocked two years ago.
They're behind in AI. They don't know
what they're doing. They're asleep at
the wheel. Now, I think a lot of people
are saying, "Wow, Google is, you know,
doing very well and they're going to be
able to leverage their distribution and
this tech they've been able to build,
etc." Why doesn't every one of these uh
tech names just go build AI, use AI,
incorporate it into their business?
Like, what is the disconnect there?
&gt;&gt; Well, there there's there's two problems
with this. So,
and again, Google's going to get caught
up in this as well, even though their
model is great and everyone loves them.
In in the most recent earnings reports,
we had a total of $1.2
trillion of what are called RPOS, which
you can think of as liabilities or
future orders that hopefully they'll
get. And those are based on building out
data centers. And in this country, we
are getting data center cancellations
every single day across the country. Um,
you're getting all toxins and stuff that
are showing up. This is going to be a
major story. Uh, I think Google falls
into the same trap. The only way they
can monetize this is actually to have
the ability of letting all these AI
agents run on their data centers, but
they don't have the data centers to
handle the flow and the volume. We're at
the agentic acceleration right now. AI
agents are working, they're running,
they're going fast. And so the only way
that they can make the money off it at
this point is through the cloud usage
and they're not going to have enough
cloud usage because they can't get the
data center. So when you mentioned
Google, they fall in the same micro
problem as Microsoft. The only
difference with Microsoft is they
actually have something that's usable.
But there's a a new problem that also
fits in with these companies that people
have to understand. I'm finally using a
Chinese model. I've never done that
before. The reason I'm using now Kimmy
2.5 is cuz I have my own machine with AI
agents now. And again, I'm old school. I
didn't know how to do anything on a
computer, honestly, a year ago, uh, 18
months ago, other than the basic stuff.
And now I have AI agents running on a
Mac Mini inside my apartment and I'm
using a Chinese model because it's free.
So the problem with Google and all these
places and this does get to the
deflation thing that Kathy mentioned and
it's something that you've talked about.
It's really hard to avoid the
deflationary aspect and since most
people and I was just at a conference
where 80s something% of endowments and
foundations thought inflation was going
to be higher a year from now. So the
reality is we have a deflationary
situation that's happening and the
reason is because AI is driving that
deflation as we speak.
&gt;&gt; Do we actually get to deflation or is it
just like this disinflationary where
like we'll still have a little bit of
inflation. It'll just be much tamer and
you know kind of under control maybe
it's half a percent 1% 1 and a half% but
we don't actually go negative.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. Now you you highlight true
inflation repeatedly which is basically
&gt;&gt; you like it.
&gt;&gt; Yeah. No, no. I So the difference
between true flation and and core CPI is
pretty much all the shelter calculation.
&gt;&gt; Well, one can count the other camp, but
yeah, go ahead.
&gt;&gt; Yeah, one uses 80,000 inputs, one uses
or what they say 35 million inputs. So
we'll we'll we'll go through the what's
better, what's not. Um, but the shelter
component and how you deal with shelter
is the difference in the calculation.
So, if history serves well, unless we're
going to see a bounce in the housing
market, which I see zero chance of that
happening, given the fact that people
are under pressure at their work, I
don't see that going on. If the stock
market falls, you're definitely not
going to have it. What would cause
deflation is if the stock market falls
off. And the reason I brought up the
supersonic tsunami, I if all of you
raised your hand and I said, "What's the
largest position in your portfolio?" and
maybe you've got a trading account, but
if you have a pension or you have
anything, your biggest positions are
software stocks. Not because you chose
them, but because you're in the S&amp;P 500
or you're in some kind of ETF that has
mainly software in it. So, I advise all
of you to check that and go through it
because that's the stuff that's pulling
the market. At some point, if you
imagine trying to transfer all of the
money in the world so quickly, and
that's what Elon Musk said, there's a
tsunami, which is structural, but
there's supersonic, which was all about
the fact it's going to happen so fast
that individuals,
starting to happen. I'm worried by what
I saw in the last week mainly from
Anthropic because if you guys didn't see
it, one of the lead researchers on their
safety group resigned and he talked
about why he resigned. He's going to do
poetry now. That's how scared he is of
what's coming. Daario Modi wrote a paper
on the negatives of AI. And the reason
he's writing that is because he has
models six months ahead. We're at the
point now where they said we had the
model opus 4.6 go through our code. This
is a mo A AI company and see how many
bugs they could find. They found 500
security places they could break into.
That is the power of AI agents. That's
the power of these models. If you can
break into Anthropic, they can break
into your bank account and everything
else. So, we've reached a point where
the governments and everyone in the
world just has to deal with the fact
that this is no longer a game. We've
reached the point that security is going
to be an issue. And again, if I go back
to the Bitcoin story, this makes
cryptography much more important.
Whenever I hear quantum, and quantum is
not close to breaking anything there. We
actually have something that will break
things faster, which are agent swarms,
and those are picking up now. And that's
why go read about the safety person who
resigned and went to go do poetry and go
read Dario Modiso.
&gt;&gt; So, let's say everything you just said
is right. What do investors do? Do you
invest in private companies? Do you
hoard seashells? Do you buy Bitcoin?
Like what what do you do? I So in in the
basics of what the government will do,
there's lots of companies that are going
to make money. And in the case of the
hyperscalers, what we're talking about
now is not the S&amp;P 500 not making money.
We're actually talking about multiple
compression. Meaning they're moving the
multiple of the market down. And the
reason they're doing that is because
every industry is now under attack as to
whether their business is actually
defendable against this side. Normally
that takes a long time. So one thing I
do believe is that you'll get a panic.
The hyperscalers are the most important
thing. And when I say the hyperscalers,
this is not Tesla. This is not Nvidia.
This is not Apple. This is the four
companies spending $650 billion this
year. This is Meta. This is Microsoft.
This is Amazon. This is Google. They're
spending $650 billion this year. If they
don't get the revenues in, then what
happens is their equity has to go down.
And their equity has to go down from a
cap structure basis. Now, again, they're
making revenues over 15%. So, this is
not some bad story. They have the
capital to do this, but they become the
line in the sand for everything. My gut
tells me if anything bad is going to
happen, it's going to happen in the next
month or two. And the reason I say that
is because the condition of mutual funds
and hedge funds in trying to reposition
for this. And the reason they reposition
quickly is because they're paid on
performance, and I was in that world. A
hedge fund has month-to-month marks. If
they're down 10%, they have to reduce
risk. Today's episode is brought to you
by Sum. Whether you're a seasoned crypto
investor or new to digital assets, stop
what you're doing because you need to
hear this. This tax season, for the
first time, US exchanges are required to
report your 2025 crypto and NFT sales
directly to the IRS. They'll do this
using the new 1099 DA form. And some
exchanges have already started to send
users a copy. But here's the catch.
You're still responsible for calculating
and proving your cost basis for every
taxable transaction. That's where sum,
who we were previously all knew for
years as cryptot tax calculator comes
in. Sum supports Turboax and makes it
easy to track your cost basis across a
massive 3,500 exchange wallet and crypto
integrations with support for DeFi NFTts
staking and airdrops. Sum helps you
maximize your deductions, generate
accurate IRS ready reports, and pay the
least taxes possible. That's why they're
rated 4.5 out of five on Trustpilot and
serve as an official tax partner of both
MetaMask and Coinbase. So do the sums,
know where you stand, get 20% off your
first year with code POMP 20. Click the
link in the description or visit SUM at
suM.com
and use code POMP 20. Today's episode is
brought to you by Abra, the secure way
to grow crypto wealth. Abra offers
individuals and institutions end-to-end
crypto wealth management solution,
including custody, trading, yield, and
cryptobacked loans through a unique
separately managed account structure
where title is retained by you, the
client. In other words, your assets stay
your assets. Abber's been partnering
with crypto holders for 8 years and has
processed over $2.5 billion in loans to
date. With Abber's loan product, you can
access up to 50% of the current value of
your collateral. There's no minimum or
maximum loan sizes and Abra can handle 9
figure plus loans. Rates are extremely
competitive in the 4.5 to 6.5% APY
range. Loans are open term, meaning you
can keep borrowing against your
collateral without closing a loan as the
price appreciates. Buy a house, take a
trip, make a large purchase, or
diversify your investments without
selling your Bitcoin. All deposits are
held in secure MPC wallets, and there is
no rehypothecation. Find out more at
abra.com and tell them Pomp sent you.
Again, that's abra.com and tell them big
Pomp sent you. You, I think, also have
this thesis of like scarcity is
valuable, which is not unique, I think,
to to your view, but you have talked
about memory shortages. You've talked
about certain precious metals or
industrial metals that are are scarce.
You've talked about Bitcoin. Is that
fair to say that that is a key theme in
a world of abundance of intelligence and
software, you actually want to find the
scarcity?
Yes. Um
it it only took me a year and a half of
talking to him every week to figure that
one out.
&gt;&gt; So the beauty of of um of the way I
think about Bitcoin in this scenario. So
I'm hoping it gets flushed with
everything else and all of you should
hear too. This is a temporary thing and
it's been matched up with SAS. I'd be
more worried about Bitcoin if SAS was
going higher and Bitcoin was going down.
But these charts are overlaid for a
reason because they're directly linked
between the VC world and the investment
side of the ecosystem, but also because
of it's built on code. So it should go
down. And my ultimate theme has been
that eventually when software is deemed
to be problematic and AI is kind of this
hard thing to invest in, which is where
we are, Bitcoin would start to
outperform and then all of the meetings
going on that you should invest in
digital assets. You'll start to see the
money flow in from the public companies
and from the enterprises, from the
wealth management people, but it's the
only growth asset that is scarce. All
these other places, commodities are not
growth assets. Industrials are not
growth assets for the now they are.
Those are cyclical. Those are value.
They're not growth assets. And most
money is in a growth bucket. So if
Bitcoin can break away when SAS bottoms,
and that's what needs to happen is SAS
needs to bottom. And once it bottoms and
we've discounted enough, we're at the
lowest multibles we've seen in the space
since before the iPhone. So we're at a
point where you could find a bottom at
any point. And that's what I'm hoping is
going to happen. But the repositioning
that happens says, and I the reason I
say a month, normally these things carry
into the end of a month when it's been
this bad and then you get another week
of it and then you bottom out. That's
what I'm kind of looking for is that the
risk is for the next three weeks. And at
that point, maybe Bitcoin's down at
40,000 or maybe it hangs in here and it
seems to rotation.
&gt;&gt; Everyone in this room is an investor in
some capacity, whether professionally or
in their personal account. Uh you have
uh done this huge deep dive on using AI
on a day-to-day basis. You come from the
investment world. What are your tips or
maybe direction that you can give to
these folks on where should they start
or how should they be using these tools
to become a better investor?
You know, first thing I would do is just
if you were recording what I said, just
put that in the chat, GBT, and find
where my holes are and uh correct me on
on whatever things are there. I I I
think people should be using it every
day at this point. Um if not for you
guys, for your kids. Um I think it's a
mistake for anyone to not realize how
fast it's moving. We're past the point,
and I've said this for a while now, but
we are really past the point. Opus 4.5
to Opus 4.6 is shocking to me. Um, Eric
Schmidt didn't think we'd be at
recursive self-improvement until next
year, maybe late latter part of this
year. The fact that we're there now
should scare the hell out of everyone
because nobody's ready for it when the
leaders of the frontier models are
saying it. So, my big thing is get used
to it. Incorporate it into your life,
it's only going to accelerate faster and
faster. And regardless if another data
center is built, it's already insanely
powerful what you can do with it. So,
I'm on it all day long as a curiosity
freak. I love it. The world's not going
away. Even if the stock market falls
down, you're going to have lives. Use it
for your health. Use it for your kids in
terms of developing new skills that they
can learn to deal with this. We just
created more jobs in a month than we had
in a long time. Granted, they were all
nurses and doctors in the healthc care
field again, but there is a place where
people can learn new skills. They can
learn things. So, I I definitely highly
recommend doing it. And you can always
go to my website and now I've got videos
out on showing people how they can do
the things that I do. I was talking to
Russell Oaken um for a while. It was a
great conversation and I was very
impressed with the way that he's
thinking about it and we had a very deep
conversation on the way to think about
AI as a thinking partner and how to get
use it and the way you do with work. But
we talked about the thing it can't
replace. And so you guys all know this
for all the things I said about how it's
disrupting businesses. It cannot handle
human context and it cannot understand
what humans want to read. I write three
to four papers a week. They would not no
one would care to read them if they were
written by AI. It takes my thinking
about what's someone else wants to read,
what's in their mind, what they're
worried about, what's going on. I'm
actually speaking emphatically today to
you guys because I want you to hear and
be lucky that you're here to hear that
hey if something goes on in the market
you heard it from me that there's
something really alarming going on with
Opus 4.6 and the safety person leaving
at Anthropic and why this is a bigger
story than it should be.
&gt;&gt; Where can people go to subscribe to? You
have two different substacks that you
are writing. There's one for HRV and
&gt;&gt; I got a lot of time on my hands.
&gt;&gt; Okay. Well, we're all going to have a
lot of time on our hands when AI takes
all of our jobs. So, uh, you're ahead of
the curve. Where can people go to
subscribe to these? One, one is about
health and HRV. The other is about
markets and technology and kind of what
you're seeing there.
&gt;&gt; Uh, everything I write, everything I do
on my YouTube is geared for people to
hopefully keep up on things. Um, HRV is
a passion of mine. Happened during COVID
that I started to pay attention. um if
if you guys care about your health or
family members, even if it's just my
aura ring. I don't work for the company.
In fact, I asked them if they wanted to
be a part of my blog and they said no
and I said fine. Um but it's really
meant to help people have a warning
system in their life. If you've gotten
to know me, I'm a very uh mathematically
driven analytics person. Everything is
probability driven. I didn't want to die
suddenly from the two things that cause
you to die suddenly, cancer and heart
disease of some sort. Uh, and I wanted
to have a mechanism that would warn me.
Uh, and I had to do two things for that
to work. One is I had to raise my HRV to
a level that put me back in my 20s,
which I did. And then the second thing
is to monitor if it ever goes down
sharply in a short amount of time
because that means your immune system's
working. So, you can find that kind of
stuff on my Substack. The rest of it, my
YouTube, and all this, it's all related
to AI, crypto, and macro. And if you
haven't seen my YouTube, everything I
talked about today, this weekend, I will
go through a lot of this with articles
you can look at, with data you can see.
I don't just shoot from the hip. I
Things build up over time, and I'm just
more concerned about AI accelerating at
a time when I still see people trying to
buy software stocks. Jordy Visser,
everybody.
